I will start by repeating that this year has been a steady year for the company where all our businesses delivered on their growth investments. The record production at Zinc business, robust turn around Electrosteel post acquisition, improving cost structure in aluminum and last but not the least nearly 35 new wells hooked up and the gas project just coming online anytime now in Oil & Gas business are good building blocks of growth in each of our businesses. Some of the key highlights for the quarter and the year.

EBITDA for the year was at $3.4 billion which is 14% down year-on-year majorly due to uncontrollable factors such as price, input commodity inflation and the copper smelter shutdown yet a robust EBITDA margin of 29%. Strong end to the year's cash with the free cash flow post CapEx at $1.2 billion, up 29%. Contributing to the Exchecker for the year was significantly higher and about $6.2 billion FY'18 was $5.4 billion. With a strong close to FY'19, we believe we are geared up for a volume growth and a competitive cost position in FY'20.

We have a detailed income statement in the appendix, a few key updates from that. Depreciation for the year was driven by growth CapEx and impairment reversal end FY'18 in the oil & gas business and for FY'20, we will continue to see an increasing trend in line with higher capitalization and growth plans.

Second, investment revenue for FY'19 is higher, mainly on account of the mark-to-mark gains about $103 million on the cash investment made by our subsidiary to a purchase of economic interest in the structured investment in Anglo American Plc firm Vulcan though was partially offset by lower investment coppers post dividends. Investment income for FY'20 should continue at the current levels of around 7% pre-tax and subject to mark-to-marks on the portfolio including dissent about its structure.

On finance costs, FY'19, it increased largely due to acquisition debt of Electrosteel and increase in benchmarks rates primarily in India which was transmitted to us given that 65% of the borrowing is iron ore and is variable in nature in terms of interest rates. For FY'20, the average cost of the debt booked will increase marginally due to the focus on maturity expansion partially offset by stable or declining interest rate scenario cycle that has just started and a free cash flow generation from three key businesses of aluminum, zinc and oil post CapEx perhaps helping us to de-lever as a operating entity.

Before moving on to the next page. I would like to draw your attention again to Venkat's update on the KCM situation and the efforts. Due to those factors listed by him, carrying value tests were conducted including sensitivity on key variables with the conclusion that low impairment was required in the accounts in the year end accounts. However, if the various efforts including the latest developments were not to succeed then there could be significant risk of impairment in the future. We will keep all the investors and loan holders updated accordingly.

Moving on to the next page, on EBITDA bridge, as you can see on this page our full year EBITDA was 14% lower as compared to last year. As I mentioned earlier, excluding pretty much price, input commodity investment, copper shutdown and on-off, it was sort of flattish in nature. Much of the volume gains were offset by cost issues in aluminum, which have been corrected largely by the end of the year FY '19. The guidance which I covered in detail should give us confidence and reassurance as we start delivering in FY '20.

Pardon me, now moving on to the next page, on net debt. As you can see on this page we have generated $1.2 billion from operations post capital expenditure, almost 35% of EBITDA. Full year working capital was positive, with good relief from tax balances including refunds, working capital initiatives and controls. We will discuss CapEx further in detail on the next page, but important to mention that CapEx for the year is within the guidance given at the beginning of the year.

As you know, our subsidiary companies primarily Vedanta Limited and Hindustan Zinc, have a board approved dividend policy to pay minimum 30% of their profit after tax as dividends. Strong cash generation at these companies over the last few years has ensured robust dividends more than the minimum stipulated as for policy being paid by them to Vedanta Resources.

The average dividend yield for the last three years has been a healthy 8% approximately. As a majority shareholder, the company has benefited by having strong liquidity available for its use.

Moving on further to the next page on financial and returns profiles. Our focus on balance sheet management continues. We refinanced our FY '19 maturities well in advance in H1 itself. On the back of continuing operational performance and cash flow the excellent banking relationships as well, we were able to efficiently refinance our requirements. We have been able to hold our average borrowing costs at around 7.5% for the full year. Again, as a reminder, most of our debt is INR debt at the outflow.

Our INR investments on the other hand are rated Tier 1 by the premium rating agency in India CRISIL and with the evolving market situation, especially around the nonbanking financial institutions and the general liquidity in that market, the portfolio is being monitored very closely on a regular basis.

Our relationship with the banks and capital market participants remain strong and we continue to work on further widening as well as deepening our access to the markets. We recently post the year inflows raised $1 billion through new issue of bonds at Vedanta Resources to refinance our near-term maturities. The bond at an average maturity of about 5.8 years was a dual tranche-bond.

Out of the $1 billion profit, we have utilized around 850 million already as prepayment of the various bank term loans falling due in the next 18 months already at the beginning of the year itself. This has resulted in the maturity profile of the debt going up to about 3.5 years as of the end of March '19.

This was also the largest high yield USD bond issuance from India since January 2018. Vedanta's comfortable liquidity with cash and cash equivalents of about $5.6 billion at the close of the fiscal year and undrawn line of credit of approximately $1 billion.

On the next page on CapEx our capital allocation strategies disciplined distribution towards achieving the overall objective of maximizing returns to shareholders, de-levering the balance sheet and to invest in the next phase of growth projects.

Our CapEx over the years has been largely self funded and will continue with that even in fiscal FY'20. We are investing in projects with robust hurdle rates of 15% to 20% and are self funded by the respective business segments. Following this guiding principle, next year, our CapEx spend would be around $1.4 billion, primarily in oil & gas and zinc sector, which will drive strong operating performance and higher volumes in FY'20 and beyond.

We regularly review the market and business environment to ensure that CapEx is spend rightly and may pull back if needed given if the situation so demands. Overall, we continue to allocate capital prudently, focusing on good cash flows through increasing volumes and lowering costs, increasing efficiency, thus funding robust shareholder return.