this be a meaningful milestone for it . over the past 21 month , it team have work tirelessly to transform Brighthouse Financial into a standalone company . these effort culminate with it separation from MetLife on August 4 and it listing on the NASDAQ stock market on August 7 . it would like to  it employee for it incredible effort throughout this separation process . it would also like to  it policyholder and distribution partner for place it trust in Brighthouse Financial . let it set the stage for the rest of it remark by reiterate the key point of it strategy as an independent company . first , it goal be to offer a tailor set of annuity and life insurance solution that be simple , transparent and provide value to advisor , client and it shareholder . second , it will deliver it product to client through a broad network of independent distribution partner . and third , it aim to become a cost - competitive manufacturer over time . it management team , it Board and it employee be focus on execute this strategy and deliver value to it shareholder . a priority for it have be create a recognizable brand that resonate with it distribution partner , it advisor and client . in early March , it launch the Brighthouse Financial brand with a nationwide rollout of it first print and television advertising campaign . these ad touch million of people and be successful in introduce Brighthouse Financial to America . last month , it begin another round of advertising , which continue to build brand awareness , and showcase it flagship Shield annuity . it may have see some of these ad during the World Series and numerous other television show . the initial feedback to it brand rollout and advertising have be very favorable . these campaign have help generate awareness in the market and have allow it to hit the ground run as a new public company . with that as a backdrop , it will now discuss three topic . first , it will touch on progress make on the product and distribution front . next , it will provide some perspective on it third quarter earning . and lastly , it will provide an update to it financial target . let it turn to product and distribution . it have meet with a number of advisor since it launch it brand in March . there be a lot of excitement among it about a focused scale player like Brighthouse Financial . that excitement be create interest from advisor , who already partner with it , and advisor who want to begin a relationship with it . that excitement be also evident in it sale result . it annuity deposit be up 8 % both sequentially and quarter over quarter . sale of it Shield annuity be $ 653 million in the quarter , up 67 % quarter - over - quarter , and up 15 % sequentially . shield generate strong value of new business for it while meet critical need of it distributor and client . it be an example of a next - generation product that be also a good complement to it in - force variable annuity with living benefit guarantee . in late July , it celebrate the launch of Index Horizons , the first product to be create as part of it 10-year distribution agreement with MassMutual . Index Horizons be a white - label fix - index annuity , sell by MassMutual advisor . Brighthouse Financial assume 90 % of the economic through reinsurance with assumed sale of this product of approximately $ 70 million in the quarter . it be pleased with the launch of Index Horizons and excite to leverage it partnership with MassMutual 's more than 9,000 advisor move forward . it will continue to explore offer new product that meet the need of it distributor and shareholder in a balanced manner in addition to expand it independent distribution footprint . it look forward to update it on further progress on future earning call . now , it would like to take a moment to provide a few perspective on it third quarter result . first , it complete it annual actuarial review , and update assumption and model , leverage an additional year of it own datum combine with industry datum to refine it assumption to reflect emerge behavioral experience . it also align certain GAAP and statutory assumption . it be pleased that the VA hedging strategy perform in line with it expectation and help to offset some of the impact of the actuarial assumption change . anant will provide more detail on it third quarter result . before it turn the call over to it , it want to touch on it financial target . it have set financial target that it believe good measure the execution of it business strategy and align with the interest of shareholder . the target for it base case scenario be : to begin return cash to shareholder at 50 % to 70 % plus of operate earning by approximately the year 2020 ; to achieve mid- to high - single - digit growth of operate earning per share annually ; and to maintain a stable operating return on equity of approximately 8 % on average over time . this be an update to it initial target of approximately 9 % for operate return on equity , which be include in it final Form 10 filing . the update reflect a change in GAAP equity , exclude accumulate other comprehensive income , to approximately $ 12.5 billion , which be large than previously anticipate . there be three primary driver impact the begin GAAP equity . first , the distribution pay to MetLife be $ 400 million less than originally project . second , certain separation and restructuring transaction result in a more favorable impact to equity than originally estimate ; and third , Brighthouse have positive net income in the second quarter . to achieve these target , it must consistently execute on the follow goal . prudently manage it exist variable annuity block over time and across market cycle , with robust asset adequacy at or above CTE95 ; design and sell compelling product that generate positive value of new business , and be align with it strategy of deliver distributable cash flow over time ; and improve it operate cost competitiveness as a stand - alone company over time . let it provide a few perspective on expense . it expect that it expense will be high in it first few year , as it transition to be a standalone public company and as it make investment in it technology , infrastructure and business . it make good progress in the quarter , implement system and process at Brighthouse that enable it to exit 13 of it 218 tsa with MetLife , in line with it plan to end the year with approximately 155 tsa . in summary , it be execute on it plan and be very pleased with it sale momentum during it first reporting period as a standalone company . with that , it will turn the call over to Anant to discuss it third quarter financial result in more detail . anant ?  it , Eric , and good afternoon , everyone . today , it will discuss it result for the third quarter , along with it perspective on the key underlie theme . before it get into the third quarter result , it would like to address one tax accounting item . in the quarter , it record a noncash tax expense of approximately $ 1.1 billion relate to a tax obligation trigger prior to it separation from MetLife . this tax expense have no impact on it stockholder ' equity , which it also refer to as it book value . Brighthouse will not be require to make any payment with respect to such tax expense . the report net loss in the quarter be $ 943 million , compare to a net loss of $ 158 million in the third quarter of 2016 . the report operating loss be $ 676 million in the quarter compare to operate earning of $ 329 million in the third quarter of 2016 . third quarter end book value per share , include Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or AOCI be approximately $ 115 . and book value per share , exclude AOCI , be approximately $ 104 . exclude the previously mention non - cash tax expense , net income would have be $ 130 million , and operating earning would have be $ 397 million . there be two other net favorable notable item in the quarter that impact operating earning , total $ 103 million or $ 0.86 per share . specifically , $ 134 million net favorable impact primarily relate to it annual actuarial review and $ 31 million of establishment cost relate to it technology transformation and brand effort . the overall net income impact from the annual actuarial review be an unfavorable $ 62 million after tax . today , it will provide perspective around four theme that impact it overall financial performance this quarter . the first key theme be the annual actuarial review . the annual actuarial review this quarter represent it first as an independent company . in addition to one additional year of observable market and company experience , the primary new data source available to Brighthouse Financial this year be the result of the Quantitative Impact Study or QIS , conduct for the NAIC Variable Annuity Reserve and Capital Reform initiative . Brighthouse Financial be one of about a dozen company participate in this industry initiative . the study provide granular client behavior specific experience on an industry - wide basis . while the NAIC VA reform initiative be still a work in progress with full implementation likely more than a couple of year out , the availability of such a rich data set have inform it update to long - term assumption about client behavior . this year 's client behavior - specific update for Brighthouse be in addition to it 2016 actuarial review that among other thing , lower Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit or GMIB annuitization election rate to 2 % for client under the age of 80 . all of it 2017 annual actuarial review assumption and model change can be classify into three broad category . first , client behavior , it reduce lapse floor assumption for all variable annuity GMIB and Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefit or GMWB contract to 1.5 % for deep in the money contract , down from 2 % to 3 % respectively . it update it assumption about variable annuity withdrawal behavior for GMWB for life contract to reflect contract age in addition to client age over time . this change result in early client withdrawal for a GMWB contract after the end of the guaranteed roll - up of the benefit base compare to a typical GMIB contract . additionally , it reflect refinement to it life book behavior assumption on mortality , lapse and premium payment pattern . the second category relate to the harmonization of model and assumption between GAAP and statutory accounting . as a result of this harmonization effort , it reduce it GAAP separate account return assumption to the mid 6 % range for all of it valuation model . this put it valuation model in line with it base - case financial projection assumption outline in the Form 10 , which be the basis for set it financial target . it also align the projection period for model between GAAP and statutory accounting . the third and last category of change in the annual actuarial review be separation related . it replace the MetLife credit spread with a Brighthouse credit spread . this credit spread be only use in it variable - annuity , GAAP - embed derivative liability valuation . it be actively involve in the industry effort around the NAIC VA capital reform project , and it will continue to monitor emerge development over the next year as the NAIC get close to finalize standard . the second theme for the quarter be variable annuity exposure management . as a reminder , it be manage it variable annuity business to a floor level of capital , know as CTE95 . cte95 be define as the asset require over the life of a product in the average of the bad 5 % of future market scenario . it hold asset to fund the CTE95 level and enter into hedge to protect CTE95 asset adequacy in adverse market . the CTE95 total asset requirement for the quarter be $ 6.3 billion , up from $ 6 billion in the prior quarter . the increase be drive by impact from the annual actuarial review , which increase it CTE95 target funding level by approximately $ 700 million . favorable equity market in the quarter only partially offset this impact . asset above CTE95 be $ 2.3 billion , unchanged on a sequential basis due to 3 contributing factor . first , the hedge program perform as it would expect in a strong up - market quarter by contribute modestly to the growth in asset above CTE95 . second , subsequent to the end of the quarter , Brighthouse Financial , Inc. contribute $ 200 million of hold company cash to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company . lastly , surplus asset in the non - variable annuity block be redirect to the variable annuity block . it intend to manage it variable annuity business with asset of $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion above CTE95 . this allow it to deploy an efficient hedging strategy with a great use of out - of - the - money option to protect against market downside and retain a meaningful amount of upside from favorable movement in capital market . finally , the transition to it hedge strategy be complete with the weighted average life of it equity option book at approximately three year , limit rollover risk of expire hedge . the next theme be favorable underwriting . across it life insurance business , it see low direct claim and a favorable impact from the reinsurance recapture complete in the second quarter of 2017 that result in favorable impact to operate earning of about $ 20 million sequentially . it be important to note that these two item , plus reserve change , can be volatile from quarter to quarter . the last theme it would like to discuss be expense . corporate expense be $ 241 million pre - tax in the quarter , up approximately $ 32 million compare to the 2016 quarterly average , but still $ 15 million to $ 25 million low than it quarterly expectation in the first full year post - separation . corporate expense do not include the $ 31 million of establishment cost that it mention earlier . as it make investment in it infrastructure over the come year , it anticipate establishment cost to be in line with or high than this quarter 's level . it be important to note that these establishment cost be already factor into it plan and financial target . turn to the result at the segment level , operate earning in the annuity segment be $ 355 million in the quarter , include favorable notable item of $ 142 million . strong equity market offset continue negative net flow with annuity account value at $ 132 billion compare to $ 130 billion in the second quarter of 2017 . sequentially , result reflect low DAC amortization and favorable taxis . operate earning in the Life segment be $ 6 million in the quarter , include $ 17 million of net unfavorable notable item . overall , underwrite result in the quarter be favorable sequentially due to lower direct claim and high retention result from reinsurance recapture from MetLife in the second quarter . taxis be also favorable sequentially . operate earning in the run - off segment be $ 83 million in the quarter , include favorable notable item of $ 9 million , primarily relate to the 2017 actuarial review . the segment comprise it legacy Universal Life with secondary Guarantees , or ulsg block , and nonretail business in the legal entity . operating result be typically split equally between the ULSG and the other business . this quarter , ULSG reserve growth be favorable relative to prior quarter . many of the underlie driver across it segment be favorable compare to the prior quarter , include favorable underwriting and corporate expense below it anticipate run rate . as a result , operate earning in the quarter be favorably impact by approximately $ 30 million to $ 40 million compare to the second quarter . let it close with an update on it capital position . first , preliminary combine total Adjusted Capital or TAC be $ 6.6 billion , $ 200 million above the prior quarter . second , variable annuity asset above CTE95 remain at $ 2.3 billion . it plan be to grow the asset above CTE95 to $ 3 billion , which , under it base case scenario , be gradual through 2019 . this be an important milestone before begin to return capital to shareholder . third , cash and liquid asset at the hold company after reflect the previously mention $ 200 million capital contribution to the life company be approximately $ 575 million or about 4 time it expect annual fix charge . and finally , it leverage ratio of approximately 22.5 % be below it goal of 25 % . this provide it financial flexibility in manage it overall capital position . with that , it would like to open up the call for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW . it line be now open . hi ,  .  or it be just afternoon at this point . in term of the actuarial review impact , it understand the $ 700 million increase to the CTE requirement that it mention . but can it help it think about do - be these adjustment thing that will also impact it prior disclosure on cash distributable , earning generation and long - term cash flow ? or would it think about it as the update be now fully reflect in the VA capital margin without continue the impact ? Ryan ,  it for the question , and good afternoon . it target stay the same as it outline earlier . there will be update to it projection and sensitivity table , which it will do annually , but it target stay the same . okay . it capital target , but it guess all else equal , would it expect this to have a negative go - forward impact on future cash flow generation ? no . it capital return outline in it target in a base - case scenario stay the same . in it model , it will probably want to reflect it update projection and sensitivity table , Page 254 , 256 , 257 of the Form 10 . as it do an actuarial review in a year , that do move thing around . but fundamentally take a step back do not change it expectation . okay . and then can it just - could it tell it , on an isolated basis , what be the impact of capital market in the quarter in term of what would it - how much would it capital margin have to increase if there be no impact of the actuarial review ? sure . good question . in the quarter , the S&P 500 be up approximately 4 % . if it look at the sensitivity table that it outline earlier and interpolate the 5 % sensitivity there , it would have expect a change of around $ 400 million over there for change in asset above CTE95 . it program perform as it expect . it have earn $ 100 million performance from the hedge program , in a quarter where volatility come down as well . that do take a little bit away from it hedge program performance . but even net of that , it have $ 100 million of positive performance exclude volatility . have volatility not come down , it probably would have have a couple of hundred million of performance . additionally , as it look at sensitivity on 256 and compare it with cash flow over multiple quarter and year on 257 and 257 - 256 and 257 of the Form 10 , it would introduce a part around the passage of time . as each year - as each quarter go by , the passage of time increase CTE95 by a couple of hundred million as well . so that be the two move part , it would elaborate on . okay .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research . it line be now open . hi ,  it . first , just want to clarify one thing on the establishment expense . it think , it mention that those be include in it target . so , do that mean that the 8 % ROE incorporate it ? and then , it guess , secondly , it may have just miss it . but how long do it say it expect those to continue for ? sure . so first of all , it will take the second part of it question . it expect it to continue for the come few year . and this be really about establish it a standalone company , make investment in technology , it platform as well as it branding . in term of it ROE target of 8 % , it will be exclude that out , because of the nonrecurre item on an ongoing basis once it be fully establish . got it . but - so then , when it say it be include in it target , be that in more thinking of it cash flow scenario ? that be correct . it have already factor it in , in it projection on how it cash flow will emerge . so , there be nothing new for it projection . it have already factor that in . got it .  it . and then , just one question as it think about the below - the - line impact from hedge cost go forward . it know this quarter , it have the favorable NPR adjustment . but in sort of , it guess , a normalized environment , how would it think about the level of below - the - line expense relate to hedge over the next year or two , and what it should think about that mean for book value growth ? sure . it be anant again . below - the - line expense , it will see it come through NDGL , so just a little context . as it go forward in a few quarter and start to put more of the asset above CTE95 at risk , reduce it hedge cost , it will see operate income and net income converge . what that will result in , if it look at Page 17 of the supplement , the negative hedging impact to the bottom line should reduce and even be positive in some case depend how much of asset above CTE95 be at risk in a rise market . in a down market , the reverse would happen . okay .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI . Thomas Gallagher hi , Anant , a couple of question just about the - kind of the driver and at a high level , the way to think about this . so right before Met execute the spin of Brighthouse , there be an actuarial charge , if it will , of $ 400 million capital contribution that Met make . and then this quarter , there be another adjustment be make . and it hear it explanation . Can it talk a little bit about sort of what the first one be , how that - it hear it explanation as to what happen this quarter ? maybe just - do it have any information it can provide on what happen there ? and then any further visibility for whether it have - it will have more stability go forward as it relate to the actuarial review ? hi , Tom . good afternoon . sure . happy to really take a step back , provide the broad perspective and then get into individual aspect here . first of all , it would say with the Form 10 , it see it come up with a lot of transparency about it sensitivity to market . it get feedback say , tell it more about behavior . it do it first actuarial review as an independent company this time . and what it have do with that be actually come out , and give it some number , like what it mention about lapse and annuitization rate . so last year 's review , even before it talk about the $ 400 million just prior to separation , be inform by both it experience and industry datum . this year 's review , it have the QIS datum , which be very rich . and it be once in a long time it get the opportunity to look at granular datum that be also credible , because it have get a broad level of industry participation in it , right ? so , with that , it have now come out and actually give it some number around lapse , annuitization and the major behavior item . the $ 400 million be a different matter . it be from - really related to a legacy methodology , which it sunset as Brighthouse , so it be no longer relevant to it . but in order to sunset it , it have - it get the $ 400 million that it put into the life company . let it pause there . happy to take a follow - on if it have one . Thomas Gallagher yes . so , the - so now , when it have the access to the broad datum , and it hear it commentary around some of the change for the deep in the money contract assume low lapse rate , be that inform by the industry datum that be show it more mature block for similar type of risk it have ? or be that more inform by the fact that some of it block be now mature , particularly on the GMIB side ? as it be see more of that , it be able to see the experience in apply it . and put another way , be that base on experience in it own block to some degree , where it be now see more of that ? and - or be that just more conservatism base on , it will say , access to more broad industry datum ? it would say it be what it say when it start out . it have see with the industry datum granular information that be credible for block that be old than ours . so , it can sort of see what happen as the block age . it just have - do not have to wait for it own datum to emerge . Thomas Gallagher got it . so , it really be just able to have a great insight into what happen to these block as it age . that be helpful .  . it next question come from the line of Sean Dargan of Wells Fargo Securities . it line be now open .  it . anant , it have a question about something it say that - it be not sure , if it hear it right or it may be confuse statutory with CTE . but it say that the total asset require for variable annuity increase to $ 6.3 billion from $ 6.0 billion ? that be correct . that be it cte95 amount sequentially . okay . but - so that be a $ 300 million delta . what be the $ 700 million difference to get to CTE95 ? just the impact of the actuarial change . so , the impact of the actuarial change with the assumption review be $ 700 million . and then it outline the three way that it fund that , $ 100 million from the program working ; $ 200 million from the hold company ; and the remainder by move cash around between segment . okay . it think one concern the market may have be that when the Form 10 be first publish , it be at CTE95 plus $ 2.3 billion . and then at the time of the spin , it be at CTE95 plus $ 2.3 billion . and it appreciate that it have more granular datum , but it - the equity market have perform very well , and it be still at CTE95 plus $ 2.3 billion . it mean , be it feel good about this estimate now ? be this - be it feel well about this estimate than it be earlier ? that be a great question . let it take it in two part . first of all , it 6 to 6.3 point , right , just to finish out it early point . $ 700 million impact from assumption change , and then obviously , positive market help out , right . it go down . the CTE95 go down . got it , yeah . okay . now on why it be still at $ 2.3 billion , it would really look at it in the third quarter , because that be when it be independent , on it own and work towards grow to $ 2.3 billion . and thing work in the quarter as it expect . S&P be up 4 % . so , if it look at the sensitivity table it give it guy , it should have approximately a $ 400 million growth in the $ 2.3 billion . the hedge program give it upside . it allow it to participate in the upside with the use of option . that be approximately $ 100 million vol . if it have not go down , if it be unchanged , the sensitivity table would be wall [ ph ] constant . it do not give it a sensitivity table on vol . but because it buy a lot of option , when volatility go down to these historic low level , one - year vol be down to like 13 now . it lose some value in those option , which will bounce back , if vol come back up . and then the passage of time eat into some of the upside it have as time go by . so , thing work as it expect , and that be what it would leave it at . okay .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi . it line be now open . yeah ,  . it want to come back to the ROE target . yeah , it think it have say that maybe equity be a little bit high than where it think it would be . but just look sequentially , it be at $ 14.5 billion , it think , last three - the June quarter , and now it be at $ 12.5 billion . so where do it think that it would end up ? what be in the plan , it guess ? it be around the 8 % area , as it mention , because it $ 12.5 billion of equity , that be out of the gate , post separation where it end up . it have a pro forma around $ 12.170 billion , and it end up around $ 12.5 billion for some beneficial item relate to separation . and now from here on , it be how net income perform . Eric Steigerwalt so , it would just add - it be Eric . it be basically a true - up , right . it mean , it have projection , and now it know what it be . and so , it sort of reset the start roe from about 9-ish that it be talk about in August to now 8-ish . and obviously , there will not be any more true - up like that . okay . and then , just on the , it guess - not sure if it be the actuarial or the stat impact . it mean , it talk about harmonizing , it think , the market return assumption between stat and GAAP , and then the movement from Met 's credit spread to it own . it mean , it would have think that those would - be thing that maybe it could have highlight in the past . it mean , it would not expect that it should be surprise . so , it guess , it be try to figure out , why do it happen in 3Q as oppose to maybe earlier at the point of spin , where it would not have be as big of surprise . well , it have to be independent to actually do it . but just to give it a sort of headline number , the $ 134 million of favorable impact to operate income from actuarial review split out to 100 - it be basically a lot in annuity . and it be $ 140 million in operate earning and offset by $ 200 million negative in below the line before give it the $ 62 million impact that it talk about to negative net income . a lot of that be awash between - what it have on credit spread as well as other item . happy to take a follow - on , if it have any other clarification . just one other one . just what be the amount of asset that it say be redirect from other business to the VA business ? sure . $ 400 million . and be that - have that be previously contemplate ? or be that something that be new ? well , it have some financial flexibility . first of all , it leverage ratio be at 22.5 % , and it target be to be at 25 % . but secondly , it want to complete it first actuarial review as an independent company and then settle in to the capital by the segment , if it put it that way . all of the segment be run with capital level consistent with a single a rating .  it . it next question come from the line of John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill . it line be now open .  . it be not go to ask question about the ROE target . but there be a number of close block on the market right now . it know , it be not in a position to pursue buyback or dividend . but be there any possibility that it could pursue a stock - base acquisition or not ? Eric Steigerwalt John , it be Eric . right now , it be stick to it knitting . it lay out in the Form 10 and in other conversation , it have get 218 - well , now it be a little bit low , but get a number of tsa that it have get to work it way out of . it be work on it hedging program . it be work on build it business . it see what it do in the annuity business this particular quarter . and so , it be just not something it be contemplate in the first 18 to 24 month as a public company . it have it goal out there , and it be work towards it .  it very much .  it . it next question come from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners . it line be now open . good afternoon , and  it for take it question . just a clarification regard the establishment expense . like be that part - be those expense part of the expectation in term of be a standalone company , i.e. , the kind of the $ 260 million quarterly run rate - corporate expense ? or be it because - be there something separate ? hi , Humphrey ,  for the question . yes , it be already factor into it projection around cash flow . but there be two separate category here , which it want to sort of elaborate . it have the $ 175 million to $ 225 million high expect in the first year run rate in it corporate expense , which it outline . and in the second category , the onetime establishment , which also it outline in the supplement , so it just want to highlight that . Eric Steigerwalt and just think about the one - time establishment , system , infrastructure , all that kind of stuff . so , it will hear about it in two bucket go forward , the same way it be talk about it today . but it be all contemplate in the number that be in the Form 10 . got it . and then regard to it Shield product , definitely , sale have be pretty decent . but at the same time , there be more company talk about put out some type of buffer annuity . Can it just talk about over in general the market - the competition in the marketplace ? Eric Steigerwalt sure . great question . it welcome competition here . this be a great product for , it think , manufacturer . it be a great product for distributor . it be a great product for it client . so , grow that business , it think , would be great . it welcome competition . it know there be go to be some in 2018 , and it be work through it business . it have get the Wells Fargo relationship that be just come online that it talk about . it have get other opportunity and many other distributor to increase it - either start or increase it shield sale . so , it would leave it there . and then just a quick follow - up . so , it understanding be it product be more of a general account product as oppose to some of the buffer annuitie out there kind of on a separate account chassis . like , what do it see as the main advantage of have these general account product versus a separate account product ? hi , it be anant . it do have a separate account product . it be a unitized separate account , it behave a lot like a general account for it . the main difference , though , be simplicity . it product do not have fee in it . and that make it a lot simple for client . got it .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan . it line be now open . hi . it be go to ask a question again on the ROE point . it ROE target go down by a full point , and it do not think the equity balance go up by 10 % . so , be there change in it assumption for earning as well ? or be it just the denominator that be result in the change ? hi , Jimmy , it be anant . well , the denominator go up , right , as it separate , so it have $ 12.5 billion of capital . when it sort of also think of the numerator , it talk about the $ 30 million to $ 40 million of favorable item this quarter . so , as it look at it number and remove notable item , there be $ 30 million to $ 40 million of good item this time between underwriting and expense run below where it would expect it to go in term of the fix cost plus taxis be favorable . it be around a 21 % tax rate this quarter , and it would expect to be in the mid-20s on a GAAP tax rate . so , if it - if it look at ... yeah . it be not really compare what happen this quarter . it be just compare what it would have assume , because it be not like taxis be low this quarter mean that it be always go to be high go forward or some of the negative - some of the positive that it see . do it know what it mean ? the math do not work . if it ROE target be go from 9 % to 8 % that mean either the denominator go up by more than 10 % or the numerator go down a little bit . and it realize it may not have be 8 % exactly , and 9 % may have be a little bit low , a little bit high . but it be - and it be talk about plan versus plan , not like plan versus first quarter result versus next year . do that make sense ? sure . yeah , the denominator for it go up $ 1 billion through the separation , and then it see the target come up . so that be what it would point it to . and there be no change in it assumption for earning long term versus it initial assumption ? okay . and then in a normal market , let it say 2 % up a quarter or something in that range , how much should it require capital for this - for CTE95 go up by ? be it around $ 200 million a quarter or so ? or be it high or low than that ? great question . if it look at 256 of the Form 10 , where it give the three - year statutory distributable earning , and it compare it with the instantaneous sensitivity , which be on 254 , it can actually see how CTE95 in it base case scenario over the first three year with a 6.5 % separate account return in it base case be basically flat . so , it would need that kind of a return for it to stay flat , which be the age factor that it talk about , it be like $ 200 million a quarter . okay . and so better than that , and it go down lower than that , and actually , obviously , it require amount go up . okay . all right . that be all it have .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Randy Binner of B. Riley . it line be now open . hey ,  . so , the - just on kind of sale metric , the VA and index annuity flow be well at least than it have model . and it be early day , but it be well than the first half . and it think early on , it kind of talk about get closer to breakeven flow maybe by the end of 2018 . and so , it question be , do it have any more view on when it think it may get close on the flow breakeven ? Eric Steigerwalt hey , Randy , it be Eric . it do not remember ever say at the end of 2018 . it be pretty sure , it say , it be go to take a number of year , because it - just think about it . so year - to - date in this year , it have do about $ 3 billion of deposit . so , it can extrapolate and take a guess at what it think the fourth quarter will be , and then it will know an annual number . but with that kind of quarterly negative net flow , it be go to take a while , right . it mean , there be a couple of way it could happen . Flows could - net negative flow could slow down lapse or it need a fair amount more sale . and it would say if it take a look or whatever it guess be , whatever reasonable guess be , at it annual rate for sale , it be go to grow it from here . and it think , it be show how it be go to do that , growth across the board , not just in Wells Fargo . it be experience growth in many of it distributor . it also have the brand - new FIA with - through MassMutual , which on a net basis be only about $ 70 million in this quarter , so it can think about that increase . so , it be look for sale growth year - over - year sequentially for a while now . however , it be go to take year , a number of year , and it have not throw one out . eventually , it can try to give a number out , but it be go to take a number of year , before it can actually get to sort of breakeven net flow . no . that be helpful . and it guess , a follow - up . and it apologize , if this have be discuss . but all these annuity call be start to run together here . the DOL rule be delay effectively be at - be it distributor feel kind of different about it ability to sell the product ? be the overhang from the DOL fiduciary rule lighten up a little bit out there ? Eric Steigerwalt it would have to say yes to that . look , a number of it say to it pre the delay . these product be important . it be very important to client or potential client , and it want to sell it . have say that , with - and by the way , it think today , it receive that rule from the DOL , delay it to June of 2019 . it be pretty sure if it be to talk to some of the distributor , it would say , yeah , there be - it be not so much of it focus on a daily or weekly basis at this point . so , it be probably go to help go forward . all right . it will leave it there .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs . it line be now open .  for take the question . it just have a quick one on the run - off segment . be interested in hear it thought on just some of the in - force management action that peer have take and whether that could potentially be an opportunity for it to potentially increase these on some of the run - off product ? hi ,  for the question , Alex . the run - off segment predominantly comprise of it Universal Life with Secondary Guarantee book , ulsg , and then other nonretail business that be in the legal entity . it be almost like 50 - 50 split from a business result point of view . ULSG be interesting . it will actually have to see what happen with tax reform . and it be always look at way to improve profitability . so , it will look at it option . but ulsg fee be - it be a little different than what people may do on other block . so , it just want to highlight that point . it be cost of insurance charge and thing like that , which it will have to look what to do at . Eric Steigerwalt so , it will just add something to what Anant just say go back to a previous comment , it make . whether it be acquisition or divestiture , it have get a full plate here and it want to stay very focused on that . now that do not mean it do not know what be go on in the marketplace , and it be not evaluate thing . but it have get operational thing it have get to get do , and it be go to stick to it knitting generally for the first two year . understand .  .  it . and it next question come from the line of Jay Gelb of Barclays . it line be now open .  . it be Jay Gelb from Barclays . if it try and - at a big picture level , try and isolate the absolute and relative underperformance of the stock today , it may put it in three bucket . that would be : one , Met announce the exchange offer to exit it remain stake in Brighthouse ; two , potential federal tax change in the treatment of life insurer ; and third , the lowering of the ROE target . it think , it have already address , lower of the ROE target , but maybe it could talk about the first two ?  . Eric Steigerwalt so , it really do not have anything to say about the MetLife exchange . it have to talk to it . it be the owner of that stock , and it be make the decision on that . with respect to tax reform , it just - it do not know yet . it just come out . it have get to evaluate this . there be go to be proposal in there that be go to change over time as well . so , whatever be in the initial draft be go to change . so , it be - it would be very difficult to speculate , where this be all go to end up . so - it know it want more on an answer like that . but give that this particular draft have be out for - it do not know , maybe an hour , it be go to have to do a lot of work on it . and then as it say , it be go to change over time . so , it be just go to have to see . it can appreciate that .  . and then again , just one more thing to kind of square it up on the ROE target . if it take that roughly 8 % ROE target on current book value ex AOCI of $ 104 , it very simply back - of - the - envelope calculate around $ 8.30 of annual earning power . be there any - be that okay ? or anything else it should take into account ? Jay , hi , it be anant . it would sort of go back to it comment about the $ 30 million to $ 40 million of favorable item this quarter between low expense as well as favorable underwriting and the fact that , in addition to that $ 30 million to $ 40 million , it have get the tax rate , which come at 21 % versus mid-20s where it would look at . so , as it look at it operate earning and it take out notable and it make adjustment for that , it think it will triangulate and come out exactly , where it be think . Eric Steigerwalt it be Eric . maybe it will just add one . it will just add one other thing there . so yes , the number do change , but again , it just want to make sure everybody be clear . it change , because versus the pro forma calculation , the equity be up a lot . nothing else have really change . but because the equity be up so much from those pro forma , it take the approximately 9 % , as one of it colleague be say , to approximately 8 % . and maybe just to conclude on ROE , thematically , let it go back to what it start share with it guy a few month back as it be on the road show and speak with it all . it be an 8 % ROE that be stable over time . and a sustained ROE improvement , while it require business mix change , it be look to grow it book value per share . it would take it to that metric . right . start at - start from $ 104 in book value ex AOCI as of third quarter . 