peabody 's first quarter result reflect continued benefit from the cost reduction initiative it have undertake which largely offset the sharp impact of low coal price year - over - year . it also take step to improve it liquidity and extend maturity during an active quarter . it will begin by discuss it financial result and the step it have take to strengthen it financial position . it will end with a review of future potential cash benefit and change to it full - year guidance . let it start with a review of the income statement . first quarter revenue total $ 1.54 billion compare to $ 1.63 billion in the prior year primarily due to lower realize pricing on similar volume . adjusted EBITDA decline 6 % from the prior year to $ 165.6 million as $ 100 million impact from low pricing be nearly offset by cost improvement that take place in the U.S. Australia and at the administrative level . first quarter result also include more than $ 100 million of commodity in foreign currency hedge loss . it would note that it have provide additional disclosure in the earning release and supplemental financial information to present the result from it mining operation for hedge that be base upon the commodity price and exchange rate for each period . it have also separately present the impact of hedge . turn to taxis it record a first quarter income tax benefit of $ 3 million compare with a $ 53 million prior - year benefit . this be primarily due to a current year valuation allowance in the U.S. and low year - over - year benefit relate to the repeal of the australian mineral resource rent tax . loss from continue operation total $ 164 million in the first quarter which include the hedge loss it mention earlier and $ 62.1 million relate to the debt extinguishment charge . dilute loss per share from continue operation and adjust dilute loss per share total $ 0.62 which include the $ 0.23 per share impact of the refinancing . now turn to the supplemental information all review the U.S. and australian result in more detail . in U.S. mining operation shipment be stable as high PRB volume offset the decline in other region . U.S. revenue decline 2 % due to lower realize pricing in the Midwest well cost per ton improve 3 % on productivity improvement and continue cost containment initiative . a great mix of PRB sale be reflect in both revenue and cost and along with low fuel price contribute to stable margin . overall U.S. adjust EBITDA increase modestly to $ 254 million as cost reduction overcome the expected impact of low pricing as well as a $ 15 million increase in commodity hedge loss versus the prior year . in Australia volume increase 7 % from the prior - year on high metallurgical coal shipment and it will recall that last year at this time it be finalize the installation of the North Goonyella top coal caving system . the decline in revenue per ton in Australia reflect low pricing compare to the prior year . australian adjust EBITDA decline $ 26.3 million to a loss of $ 24.5 million which include the negative impact of hedging of $ 67.2 million year - over - year . before hedge it australian mining operation result increase $ 41 million to $ 61.9 million . this include approximately $ 110 million of low pricing and $ 150 million in low cost which be comprise of $ 75 million from improve cost and $ 75 million from low prove at the operating level . exclude the impact of hedge all of it australian mine would have generate positive result in the first quarter except for the contractor operate Burton Mine . additionally first quarter result include the impact of approximately $ 25 million relate to temporary operational issue at Coppabella and North Goonyella both of which be now resolve . australian cost decline $ 8.80 per ton or 12 % versus the prior - year to $ 65 per ton . as a result of improve operating performance , low fuel price in the repeal of the carbon tax . include in it first quarter cost be nearly $ 10 per ton of additional cost from currency and diesel fuel hedge and it expect to realize the full benefit of these low input cost over time . turn to SG&A the benefit it cost - containment program initiate in late 2014 be now begin to be realize with first quarter expense down 17 % to it low level in six year . go forward it expect further improvement as it program be fully implement . that be a review of it income statement and key earning driver . in addition to cost reduction it also continue to maintain tight capital discipline with investment total $ 25 million in the first quarter . operate cash flow be $ 3 million which include a $ 58 million cash outflow for debt extinguishment cost . during the quarter cash balance rise to $ 637 million which include $ 330 million of incremental cash relate to the recent note offering of which $ 94 million be pay out on April 15 to redeem the remain 2016 note . so in response to ongoing weak market condition it continue to execute a comprehensive financial strategy design to ensure adequate liquidity maintain financial flexibility and position the company to take advantage when market fundamental improve . in February it proactively amend it credit agreement to provide additional flexibility by relax it financial covenant for the life of the agreement . this action facilitate it continue access to the $ 1.65 billion revolver . in March , it elect to refinance the 2016 note with a $ 1 billion offering of seven - year second lien note which be callable in three year . not only be the offering successful in extend it net debt maturity it also give it an opportunity to secure additional liquidity to help meet a temporary increase in it near - term obligation . as a result of these action Peabody have a substantial liquidity position of over $ 2.2 billion in no significant maturity for more than three year . now independent of market change there be several other positive development that will potentially contribute $ 685 million in annual low cash outlay over the next two year . include $ 275 million of annual LBA reserve payment that end in late 2016 , $ 75 million of the viva health benefit trust payment as final installment be complete in January 2017 . and $ 335 million of potential benefit from the roll - off of foreign currency and diesel fuel hedge base on forward diesel fuel price and exchange rate as of March 31 . it have not execute any new currency hedge since last year as it scale back it rolling 36 month program . finally as Glenn will discuss it be aggressively evaluate alternative way to improve it capital structure and increase shareholder value this can be realize in a number of way include sale of asset and minority interest in operating mine . another option be the creation of an MLP which it have study in depth . it like the opportunity for another source of capital but have be cautious today give Capital Market settlement sentiment regard the coal sector and other alternative for the asset that can be use to create an MLP . however it remain an interesting option for it go forward . now turn to guidance , for the second quarter Peabody 's target adjust EBITDA of $ 135 million to $ 175 million and adjust dilute loss per share of $ 0.59 to $ 0.49 . target reflect a shoulder period in U.S. shipment and lower seaborne coal price . it would refer it to it Reg - g schedule on the release for additional quarterly target . regard it full year target it lower it U.S. volume guidance by 10 million ton in response to weak market condition this year . it lower it australian cost per ton range to $ 62 to $ 64 and update it U.S. revenue and cost per ton range to be 3 % to 5 % low than 2014 and it reduce it capital spending to a range of $ 172 million to $ 190 million as it benefit from the previous investment it have make across the platform . that be a brief review of it first quarter performance as well as it 2015 target . now it will turn the call over to CEO - Elect , Glenn Kellow .  Mike and  . while commodity weakness clearly continue during the quarter the Peabody team achieve excellent safety result and cost reduction both at the operating and administrative level that nearly overcome the down drop from pricing . it also know that there be much more to be do and it will highlight a number of initiative that be aim at improve the business and drive significant value over time . first let it take a look at the dynamic within the global coal market . clearly seaborne coal price have remain low for longer due to slow global GDP and weak import demand . along with supply gross that up until recently have be abundant . over the last two quarter the fall in U.S. gas market have also result in significant competition in electricity generation . with that it be keep a critical eye on several trend that would drive improvement as it unfold . within the seaborne metallurgical coal market it have see numerous sign that production cap be start to materialize . in fact global export supply be expect to decline 10 million ton follow three year of pronounce growth base on flat australian supply and north american curtailment . U.S. producer be face additional pressure as a weak australian dollar have outpace the decline in seaborne metallurgical coal pricing . as a result first quarter U.S. metallurgical coal export fall by 3 million ton , nearly as much as the entire decline last year . it would note that this mark another contrast between U.S. and Australian meet - coal or even the new meet - coal settlement represent a sequential increase in price on an australian dollar basis . it estimate that 25 million ton of metallurgical supply CapEx be announce in 2014 with roughly half of that amount realize through actual reduction . the remainder be expect to come out of the market this year and it have also see an additional 10 million ton of reduction announce in the first quarter . give recent price decline it would expect further reduction announcement as a significant amount of global production be challenge . China and the U.S. remain as the marginal cost producer and a disadvantage with high production cost strong currency and low average quality . in met - coal market in particular familiar seed of a trough peak cycle be be see be underperformance often lead to future outperformance . below the operating cost for many producer have certainly decline steepen the cost curve it have also see a significant pullback in capital investment . fix investment in meet - coal mine have decline in China and other country and it project the incentive price to significant new australian capacity need to be up to $ 180 per ton well above the level it see today . in seaborne thermal coal market major producer in Australia and China have announce significant production cutback during this quarter . with additional reduction likely at current price . indonesian coal export for example have drop nearly 10 % in the first quarter a major trend reversal from the world 's top thermal coal export nation . look now at global demand India coal import have continue a strong trajectory and have help occur the impact of reduce chinese seaborne demand . in the first quarter India metallurgical coal import increase 49 % reach level equal to China . at the same time India 's coal generation increase 6 % through March and the government recently sanction the 35 % rise in thermal coal import for the fiscal year . in 2015 it expect India to surpass China as the large coal importer in India have state that it will continue to rely on the seaborne market as the economy expand and domestic production fail to keep pace with grow domain . in contrast China seaborne demand have be constrain by recent support measure and sluggish economic growth drive primarily by the property set . to date it have see a high degree of support for the domestic miner than it would have expect and not as much stimulus on the demand - side although this be start to improve . it expect China 's import to decline in 2015 yet it believe import will rebase as excess property supply eliminate grow economic stimulus action take hold and policy restriction ease over time . while the timing of China 's recovery be uncertain already it have see China take step to loosen credit and tax policy to support the property market and local government have recently announce plan to boost infrastructure spending this year . the demand effect be be meet by reduced supply . in the first quarter chinese domestic production fall 3.5 % below the prior year and the China National Coal Association be target a 5 % decline in coal production in 2015 . estimate suggest that some 80 % of chinese coal producer be operate at a loss . it be important to note that while it discuss China at length for good reason in the first quarter some 90 % of Peabody 's australian meet - coal export and 75 % of it thermal coal export go to traditional market and emerge indian customer . across Asia it be encourage by the significant build - out of new coal fuel generation and coastal steel capacity that be expect to come online within the next few year and it expect urbanization and industrialization trend to continue to support the long term seaborne demand . in country , to some report about peak coal usage consultant Wood Mackenzie have recently confirm it view that coal will surpass oil within several year as the world 's large energy source . now let it turn to the U.S. market . in response to continue low natural gas price it have update it project 2015 U.S. coal demand to decline 80 million to a 100 million ton from prior year level . through March coal generation have fall 14 % . weak demand and improve route performance have lead to rapid recovery in PRB stockpile which have increase to approximately 70 day of supply . it expect U.S. coal production to decline as the year progress with proportionately large supply reduction take hold in high cost region . although the decline in natural gas price have impact demand and price across the United States the PRB remain best position to manage through the current natural gas environment due to it low deliver cost . in early 2015 utility bid for new coal agreement have be somewhat suppress yet it continue to see bid about the OTC market for 2016 delivery . over the next several year Peabody project natural gas price to rise modestly as export facility and pipeline be complete onshore demand rise and production growth be constrain . just since November half of U.S. oil rig have be close due to depressed price , with an estimate 40 % to 50 % of U.S. natural gas production directly relate to oil pricing through associated oil and liquid drill the full impact of the decline in oil price have not yet be account for in natural gas production . by 2017 it expect coal share of U.S. electricity generation to return to nearly 40 % and PRB and Illinois basin demand be project to increase as natural gas price recover and high coal plant utilization and basin switching offset expect retirement . as a result of current market it be intensely manage the follow four cornerstone area of emphasis critical to Peabody success during this part of the market cycle . operational , SG&A , financial and portfolio . and as it would expect with new leadership come the opportunity to bring fresh perspective . first at the operational level . it continue to drive improvement in safety and productivity and cost . through March , Peabody 's global safety result be strong and it be on track for another year improve performance as it robot safety program continue to yield result . at the same time it continue to target increase in productivity with it global workforce down some 20 % in the past three year . while it have implement substantial cost initiative across the platform it be clearly be not do . additional cost reduction through procurement maintenance program and other operational improvement . it have again reduce it capital spending target and it believe that it previous investment relatively young fleet of equipment and focus on capital efficiency will allow it to maintain low level of spending for the next few year . it secondary of emphasis be SG&A , in the first quarter it achieve the low selling and administrative lot expense level in more than five year . it have close project development office in [ indiscernible ] Mongolia and [ indiscernible ] China as well as it regional office in Flagstaff , Arizona and it have transfer trading activity from Singapore . it be delayere the organization and streamline work flow and it would expect further benefit from the implementation of it global shared service center . it have a vision of a lean corporate group and it will see additional cost reduction in this space . to set the tone from the top and align on a personal level with the company 's ongoing cost reduction strategy Greg Boyce and it have take a voluntary and temporary base salary reduction for the remainder of 2015 . it would also note that all board member have take the same action for it annual retainer . third , within the financial area it be take all necessary action to maximize cash and liquidity . Mike have cover this area well follow recent action to amend it credit facility and refinance the 2016 note . and fourth within it portfolio it be look methodically at all potential opportunity . it recall at cash proceed from asset be $ 130 million in 2014 Peabody be commit to portfolio optimization through asset sale and joint venture include sale of non - core reserve service [ indiscernible ] and partial interest in active operation . in certain market it have see an increase in buyer interest . in the U.S. Mike discuss it thinking on alternative structure such as MLP . in Australia it be undertake a strategic review of it large portfolio [ indiscernible ] . a process that be well underway . and with respect to it active mining site it be evaluate option for it high cost operation , the Burton Mine where the current contract mining agreement be set to expire next year and follow it renegotiation of this contract to provide more flexibility . that be a summary of the coal market in Peabody 's positioning . it have say it would continue to manage capital and drive improvement in productivity and cost and it be deliver on those front . it say the current movement in fuel price and the australian dollar would be a long - term benefit for it and it have show great insight into what be on track to be a significant tailwind as hedge transaction expire . so when it say it will manage for the current downturn it speak focus and purpose know that it team be fully commit to continuous improvement across every level of it organization . all this will require ongoing change in the way it do business it be confident it will be better position to combat near - term challenge and it will be in an excellent position to capitalize on the market upturn . with that operator it would be happy to take question at this time . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . first go to Matthew Korn with Barclays . please go ahead . the expectation for coal here in the U.S. be down meaningfully again it seem that particularly Appalachia be under have pricing pressure , will probably see substantial production loss there . so it guess it first question be be it finally get ready be it finally get towards a steady - state level of utility coal burn here in the U.S. be that 800 million ton , be that 750 so what be it view there ? and the second question would be in the Midwest very profitable region for it it think it be also an overlook in relative to the Aussie mine , the PRB , what be the opportunity there it think in term of volume or market share gain if it do reach this kind of stabilize market ?  it think the first question think the first question be around what it be see in it have signal and 82 million to 100 million reduction in the U.S. but also as a long - term it do think a particular market it will actually see an improvement in market share come from in the market . so just focus overall on the U.S. it do have some factor associate with the movement in the impact of [ indiscernible ] in this year but it think the large impact about 2015 be really a story around gas and as it have indicate at these level and it previously talk about PRB be competitive between the 252 to 275 mark , basin 350 to 375 . and as it go further east price above $ 4 be probably require for those market . so as it have indicate it thesis be what it agree with and that would be that it would see work away from East to West be be the most challenge during this environment . as it have indicate though long - term it do see through utilization in particular market 50 million to 70 million ton increase associate with those market - improve burn . with respect to it question about Midwest it do concur that it have get a great set of asset there . at these price level in term of gas on coal competition it be see increase competition in the basin . it would highlight that it asset and it mine tend to be locate and particular sub - region which be what it believe not only do it have low - cost mine but it believe it have certain geographic and strategic advantage with respect to it access to key customer in those market . so it feel as though it be very well - position competitively in the Illinois basin . it next question be from Michael Dudas with Sterne Agee . please go ahead . first question , Glenn , as it think about it know take over as the new CEO next month officially it sound like it have a lot of aggressive plan in front of it , be there any sacred cow or any asset that be untouchable or any structure that it just do not think be go to fit with how it see the future of the coal business globally and how Peabody factor into that ? as it say before it have be part of the strategic review process in 2014 so it have have the opportunity to look closely at Peabody 's asset and work through the coal market through that period . but also it have indicate it think it do provide the opportunity to have a fresh perspective and to build off that . it think the primary focus will be one of shareholder value and shareholder return , drive the decision . clearly it have say as it step through the strategy it be about cash and liquidity it be be about deleverage through that process . it think as it be clearly flag it be open to a broad range of measure and tool and avenue that will enable it to achieve those objective . be that an ongoing - a six - month it will hear from something three month , be it - be it go to update the investor from a strategic standpoint or just as thing occur ? it think it will clearly - clearly it will be provide update on a quarterly basis but it expect that process will be ongoing . it think today it have highlight the four area that be the immediate focus as it say continue to drive cost down and operation , a lean corporate structure and drive SG&A. Mike talk about the step it have take with respect to the capital structure but also the option that may be available to it and clearly work the portfolio so it talk about in the release that it have kick off a strategic review of it significant australian tournament position . so will provide update as appropriate . so it follow - up for Mike Crews be that regard hedge strategy go it could it maybe clarify it a little bit more if it see significant further weakness in the currency or energy market would that encourage additional hedging to lock in or be it the program go to continue ? be it buy back hedge just a little more certainty on how it can model out where some of these potential benefit can actually be realize ? sure . so as it talk about before it typically have hedge on a rolling 36 month program with level at approximately the 70 % 50 % 30 % over the 12 or 36 month period . when it look at where the hedge position sit today there be probably two main factor there around it question . the first be on the crude side when the market move toward the end of the year beginning of 2015 it do go ahead and flex up to capture those opportunity , it feel like the opportunity for low crude price be limit relative to the potential revamp , so it do flex up there . at the same time on the currency side it sit at a little over 40 % in 2016 and a little over 20 % in 2017 which would be below it normal target range and it have not put any currency hedge on since last year . so it have scale that program back a bit . but typically it find if it be go to have a hedge program over a longer date period it be good , programmatic purchasing be good to take some emotion out of it that can creep in , but it will take when it see some severe dislocation like it do on the crude side it will go ahead and potentially take a position to top it off where it think that may add value . the other factor on FX as well have be that even with the exist hedge position the team have be very good at take cost out . so in effect that denominator change and it hedge rate rise just solely by the fact that it have low requirement . so it be try to take that into account as it reduce it cost position as well so it be a little bit of both . there be very active management there . it next question be from Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley . please go ahead . so a couple question on the MLP , that be interesting and new . as it look at kind of across the portfolio obviously it have to make some decision about what asset make sense to put in MLP , it think about reserve life and cost and tax basis and so forth , so what asset be it talk about here ? do it make sense to put PRB asset into an MLP or be it look more at the ILB asset and then any comment on timing of when it may actually execute on in MLP strategy would be interesting to hear . and it think it have touch on a couple of the different issue . it spend a fair amount of time look at the MLP structure it have see other people do it and be successful . it typically have generate a new source of capital another class of investor , traditionally have trade at a premium to the sea corp although that be erode here recently over time . compound - or it guess contrast against that would be the coal market settlement today the fact that it have see it higher - price contract rollout that put a bit of pressure on near - term cash flow because as it think about an MLP structure it be all about stable cash flow and then grow those distribution over time . as it relate to individual asset , it would rather not get into specific asset at this point because as Glenn talk about the portfolio review and what asset it may look at as part of that process this really run the gamut . it may have Asset A that look right for just outright divestiture which be mutually exclusive frankly from inclusion in an MLP structure . and it may have a different asset that it think be more strategic which may lead it to a minority interest position from an M&A perspective . so it be something that it be go to continue to look at and as some of the market sentiment improve and it sort through some of what the alternative opportunity maybe for asset that it have under review that be when it would look to provide an update around the MLP structure . and just as a follow - up what be the appetite out there right now for asset sale ? it mention it do 130 last year . have the recent leg down in the meet - coal pricing impact of that at all be it still see opportunity it sound like it guy be increase it focus but be the market there for it ? not only be it increase it focus but it be be interesting that both in Australia and also in the U.S. it have see some recent consolidation here in the U.S. and that feel like it may have perk up some additional interest around other potential transaction in people 's mind . so it be see increase buyer interest both in the U.S. and international . but it would say it be both asset quality specific and location specific . and it will go to John Bridges with JPMorgan . please go ahead . it just want to - it be pleased to hear it optimism for the gas price in the U.S. it be look forward to that high - price but then in term of asset optimization , portfolio optimization if it have get that optimism for U.S. asset and give the current weakness would it be more focused on Australia as an area for the divestment ? firstly with respect to gas price it view would probably be consistent although it would see be a majority of sort of third - party view so it would not - to reach out sort of assumption and to get inside it thinking . it would not expect to see anything significantly outside of what it see from third party . with respect to it portfolio what it have indicate be look at it tenement position which it have have a pretty good processing play in the U.S. over quite a long period of time of successfully execute reserve sale quite well on a year - by - year basis . it have not have that same focus around the australian business and certainly the process that it have be do at the moment be that it have a significant reserve portfolio not only in term of what it have prior to Macarthur but the Macarthur acquisition and it be one in which it look at the type of tenement how that would fit into it overall structure and it be look at opportunity either potentially for outright sale or for take joint venture interest through those position . so with respect to it own asset in the U.S. as it know it believe that it focus area in be the PRB and the Illinois basin still continue to compete strongly with gas go forward . and still continue to be important area for what it consider to be additional burn requirement from those particular source and so it asset be in what it would consider to be high growth area and also with what it regard as be very good quality asset in the U.S. in those area would indicate that it like it portfolio there . okay . and follow - up , a big picture question . Peabody be be unique as an international pure play coal company and that be a very attractive profile when the coal space be exciting . in this more difficult time then it competition internationally be much , much big than it be and it probably make it very difficult for it . how do it think about remain with this current profile ? it think it regard it as be strong international competitor , it think it operate 26 mine around the globe . it regard it have get some of the good mine on the planet . and it think certainly from it operational capability it believe - and it would like to think that it have prove that it can add value for activity . so it think it compete very strongly on an international basis . it next question be from Justine Fisher with Goldman Sachs . please go ahead . the first question it have be on the Midwest segment , so obviously it have see some consolidation there but it think a lot of investor focus on that part of the market have make it focus on the good margin that it guy and competitor have generate there for a while but with increase competition and increase tonnage in that market it think people be look at how sustainable those margin be over time . so can it talk to number one how sustainable be it if it see kind of a weak U.S. coal market , can it guy continue to post double - digit margin in that segment and then also on it view on the recent consolidation how that will affect the basin ? it have be very pleased with the Midwest portfolio that it have have over the year and it think there be probably three different way to look at it . it have transition in certain place like with it bare run it to have a large - scale service operation which be in it sweet spot strategically . it have have the low - cost gateway mine that have perform very well in all market condition and have result in the additional capital that it put in as a fall on Gateway North mine and in the Indiana area it have a strategic advantage around transportation differential , so it continue to believe that it can compete and take advantage of what it see as market improvement to 2017 as it have highlight base upon high gas price over time and increase plant utilization even in the face of [ indiscernible ] . so again it think it can compete very well there in term of consolidation as that impact it as it say it think it continue to look very strongly at it portfolio and execute against the advantage it think that it have . okay and then the second question be on Australia cost . so obviously if there be the $ 25 million one - time cost there in the first quarter it can see that account for maybe $ 2 to $ 3 a ton of low - cost through the rest of this year which be why it guidance be low than what the cost be in the first order but can it help it understand give that be one step down but then as the fuel hedge roll - off should it expect like a 2 % cost decline over the next say eight quarter as those hedge roll - off or will that be more of a step function and cost decline in Australia ? as it break out the detail around the hedge and in affect gross the sub , so it could look at the operation the way it do independent of hedge but it may be helpful just to as it think about net - net cost position in Australia it benefit just a little less than a $ 1 a ton from fuel on a net basis . so in both for the U.S. and Australia about half of the benefit just on a pure mark to market basis that take place net of the hedge it realize about half of that . now on the FX and it would expect that both for the U.S. in Australia to continue throughout the year base upon where pricing be today in a hedge position . as it look at foreign exchange with the hedge position that it have in FX net - net be about flat . the hedge loss that it have be largely overcome by the change in the exchange rate on the unhedged position as it look forward to the end of the year it see the potential for about $ 1.50 a ton in cost improvement . so it think that help in term of what it be look at and provide some insight to the guidance that it have around it $ 62 to $ 64 cost improvement . and next it go to Matt Farwell with Imperial Capital . please go ahead . curious about the prb with gas below $ 3 . how do it evaluate production decision in 2016 , it have a very strong contract but for 2015 but how will that change in 2016 , how will it reevaluate it production if gas stay below that level ? it think as it have probably see it make the decision to lower the guidance by 10 million ton for this year and will continue to evaluate 2016 production level . it would say though that it have be see bid above the OTC because of liquidity that be in that market and it be still yet to move into full swing of the 2016 contracting season . so it really be market specific . it think what it also have in place though be that it do have for already commit base on 2016 versus 2015 level some 75 million ton that it see process 9 % or so above 2015 level . so it do have that and that be a benefit of layer in strategy that it have have over quite a number of year but it do have that base business or contract build - in for the 2016 position already . and just to thing on a regional basis this tale of two market really be play out over time if it look at 2015 and no question it be go to be a difficult year from a consumption standpoint but year - to - date it be see consumption in Appalachia that be a blend of central app and northern app down some 25 % on the other hand Powder River Basin not immune to thing but down only 10 % so far and frankly the frame have continue to draw , the utility be continue to pull on that understanding that it be that low - cost option . as it move forward that story continue , it talk earlier about grow to 2017 where it see the 50 million to 70 million ton of increase from 14 level which would be an even great increase from 15 base on capacity utilization base on the fact that PRB continue to be the low cost deliver in Illinois basin right behind that . whereas central app into a less degree northern app be affect by those plant retirement sit right on top of Marcellus and other challenge along those line . so PRB remain the go to source and one that it be pleased to be the number one producer in . and if it could just ask one more question on credit relate . the recent financing it designate certain asset as non - principle property and it be wonder if it could just give it a little more color as to what type of asset would fall into the basket ? probably the good way to look at it be really what be in principal property which be asset with the gross value in excess of 1 % of consolidated net tangible asset typically those be real estate property and then non - principle property would be everything else . so at December 31st , the value of the principal property be about $ 3 billion and $ 2.7 billion on the non - principle . and then as part of it SEC filing go forward it will provide quarterly update on how those value change over time . it next question be from Brandon Blossman with Tudor , Pickering , Holt . please go ahead . Brandon Blossman it guess one on australian cost just a couple detail . the $ 62 to $ 64 guidance for the full year be that a range that be to some degree predicate on a change in FX rate or be that just the straight up the range of operational outcome with kind of hold FX constant . what it have say the roughly $ 50 a ton for the full year would be the FX component base upon current exchange rate . there be still operational improvement that it would expect to see that would make up the large component of that range of cost reduction . Brandon Blossman and be it fair to assume that the Coppabella and North Goonyella issue in the first quarter be relative surprise i.e. put it towards the bottom end of it guidance range or be the Coppabella something that be in the mine plan ? it be correct . it have an unscheduled dollar replacement at North Goonyella and then it have some vendor blast issue at Coppabella both that come up during the quarter which help push it to the low end of it guidance range but both of those have be remediate at this point . Brandon Blossman good news . and then Mike also just conceptually as it move forward through it strategic review what could change in the broad market that would take the MLP off the table or put it on the front burner ? it think what it be - it depend on what asset it ultimately decide it MLP eligible whether it decide to take other action with those asset that would take it out of the run for that . and then improve market sentiment around the coal sector it think would raise the opportunity for MLP structure . and it go to Brett Levy with jefferie . please go ahead . Can it talk about sort of when the hedge runoff and kind of when it start to feel the benefit of free market and the dollar and some of the other thing that it have hedge right now . sure . if it have the release in front of it on page 6 be where it have try to lay that out so than the large component of that be the australian dollar so it hedge rate or percentage hedge drop from 66 % for the rest of 2015 down to 42 % in ' 16 and 22 % in ' 17 so when it look at the all ineffective rate because even with those hedge rate it come down over time as it have layer in hedge as the rate have come down . so the potential cash benefit and these be compare to ' 15 so in the middle of that table it say the 2016 have the potential to be well than ' 15 by $ 170 million and then cumulative as it get out to 2017 that approach $ 290 million . the fuel be on a bit small scale but a similar relationship so there be $ 30 million of potential benefit in 2016 and another ' 15 for a cumulative 46 million in 2017 . so all in 2016 versus this year potential benefit of $ 200 million and then 2017 be 335 million . now when it combine that so that would be low cost which would be a cash benefit then it combine that with the LBA payment and VEBA payment to roll off by January 2017 that be how it get to the total potential benefit of $ 685 million all right and then in term of it covenant right now be there a particular bond that may be in it site give that everything be that a discount that would enable it to skirt some covenant . sure . the primary covenant inside the credit agreement there be two . there be a leverage ratio of debt to EBITDA of 4.5 time which be on a net first lien secure basis . and then it have an interest coverage ratio that be on all cash interest of 1.0 time . as part of that credit agreement amendment it discuss in February it relax up or down as the case may be on those covenant for the life of the facility which be out to 2018 . any bond it would buy back ? it know at this point it primary focus be on cash and liquidity number one . one a very close to one be deleveraging , so as it complete this review of the portfolio and look to generate asset sale in cash proceed therefrom it would look to reduce it debt wherever it make the most sense . and it have time for one more question . it will go to Paul Forward with Stifel . please go ahead . it just want to ask about the low volume outlook for 2015 in the U.S. and specifically at it PRB and Southwest asset essentially it have get six big mine in the region . when it look go forward over the next 2 - 3 year that customer commitment plan retirement etcetera . do it think about that portfolio be likely to shrink or change in some meaningful way ? maybe part of the answer to that be with respect to it Colorado asset and certainly as it have talk about it be in the process now of transition to the Wolf Creek scene and that it have indicate would be at a low run rate size around about the 4 million ton sort of rate which be sized on local market access without reliance on export or other market outside of that region . now it have the ability and the capacity to flex up if require . other than that with respect to it indicate the PRB it do - although it be look at overall decline in the U.S. market it really do feel as though the PRB continue to perform competitively against gas at these sort of level . it be anticipate as it sort of indicate as other third - party estimate be that over the time gas will move and it would indicate that give it strong low cost position in the PRB that that will continue to be reliable low - cost supplier from the region . and just want to ask as well it think Glenn as it do it strategic review one of the area it talk about be SG&A. it have a $ 10 million reduction year on year to a $ 49 million in the late quarter . be there a reachable level that it would say on a quarterly run rate it would plan to target , be there a potential in 2016 that it can take out another $ 10 million a quarter relative to that 49 number or have it do - have it see most of the heavy lifting that be possible as far as take cost out of that SG&A line already . well it think as it note that it have achieve the low level in over five year at that quarterly run rate . it have not give a guidance about SG&A but it be also flag that it view be that it can have a lean corporate structure and it be something that the team be focus on . so it will certainly be work hard on that and it think there be a number of option available to it as it continue to work through that . so it would envisage as time unfold that it will see progress in that space . and Mr. Kellow , it will turn it back to it for any closing comment .  it operator and  to everyone for join it call today . it would also like to  the woman and man of Peabody who continue to manage safe low - cost operation regardless of market movement . with the industry have show extended weakness Peabody be commit to drive a sustainable successful organization without regard to external market force whilst these time be challenge it be confident at it team 's ability to take prompt and strategic action will improve the strength of it platform .  it for it continued interest and it look forward to keep it appraise on it ongoing effort . 