in the first quarter , Bellatrix invest $ 24.2 million , which include drilling 5 gross , 5 net operate Spirit River well and participate in 1 gross 0.2 net non - operated well . facility capital be principally invest in the Phase 2 expansion of the Alder Flats plant . all - in , drill , complete , equip and tie - in , well cost in 2018 for it operate Spirit River program be average below $ 3.5 million , down from an average cost of approximately $ 3.8 million in 2017 . from a capital efficiency perspective , it have add production for an average expect capital efficiency of under $ 5,000 per well boe in 2018 , on an ip365 basis . it deliver strong cost saving and efficiency improvement year - to - date , but it be always challenge it to do better . an enhanced focus on pad drill to reduce surface disturbance , increase monobore - style drilling , other proprietary drilling technique and reduce nitrogen use in completion be example of cost reduction effort achieve . it drilling have become more and more efficient in 2018 , average approximately 10 day from spud to rig release for the Spirit River program , down from 13.5 day in 2017 . it be now actively look at way to translate the meaningful cost and efficiency gain make in it Spirit River program to the Cardium and improve overall economic from that part of it portfolio . the combination of low capital cost and strong well performance provide enhance corporate competitiveness during this period of weak natural gas price . the Bellatrix Alder Flats plant be prove it value as a highly strategic asset for the company . and activity in the first quarter of 2018 be focus on the completion of the Phase 2 expansion project . the Phase 2 expansion project be fully commission and begin sell volume mid - March , ahead of schedule , and approximately 5 % under budget . the operate turbo expander on Phase 2 be design to run a cold process , thereby , enable natural gas liquid extraction capability to be increase . combine NGL recovery at the Alder Flats Plant increase to approximately 55 to 60 drill a million cubic foot out of the gas , up from approximately 45 drill a million cubic foot under phase 1 . this NGL recovery be an addition to produce condensate yield of 10 drill a million . since startup , Bellatrix have redirect approximately 65 million cubic foot of gross natural gas volume from third - party processing plant to the Alder Flats Plant to optimally process under it ownership and processing volume commitment . operate cost for natural gas process through Bellatrix ’s ownership interest in the Alder Flats Plant be approximately $ 0.16 per mcf . the redirection of natural gas volume from more expensive third - party plant be anticipate to contribute towards reduction in overall production expenditure in 2018 to a range of $ 7.65 per boe to $ 8.00 per boe . the Phase 2 expansion be the final stage of Bellatrix ’s multi - year infrastructure build out in it core West Central area . management expect that completion of Phase 2 of the Alder Flats Plant provide the processing capacity to grow net production volume beyond 60,000 boe a day , with minimal future facility relate capital expenditure . it would now invite Max to discuss it financial and risk management highlight .  , Garrett . adjusted fund flow generate in the three month end March 31 , 2018 , be $ 14.7 million or $ 0.30 per basic and diluted share , that compare to $ 15.7 million , $ 0.32 per basic and diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2017 , the decrease in adjusted fund flow be mainly drive by a decrease of 6 % in realize commodity price and be partially offset by decrease production expense and a 6 % increase in sale volume over the comparable period . Bellatrix maintain a significant commodity price risk management position in 2018 , which reduce price risk volatility on it business and protect it long - term planning process . in summary , Bellatrix have approximately 73 mmcf per day of natural gas volume hedge from April through December 2018 at an average fix price of approximately $ 2.91 per mcf , represent slightly less than 50 % of 2018 daily average natural gas volume . give currently weak AECO natural gas price , it ’ important to note that Bellatrix have also diversify it natural gas price exposure through sale contract that give the company access to the Dawn , Chicago and Malin natural gas pricing hub . this long - term diversification strategy reduce Bellatrix exposure to AECO price on approximately 33 % of the company ’s April through December 2018 natural gas volume . in combination , the market diversification sale and fix - price hedge cover approximately 80 % of natural gas volume in 2018 and 50 % in 2019 , base on the midpoint of 2018 average production guidance . Bellatrix be currently in active discussion with the member of it revolving lending syndicate as part of the semi - annual borrowing base redetermination process , and expect the borrowing base redetermination to be complete by the end of May subsequent to the end of the first quarter , Bellatrix announce that it have enter into an exchange agreement with the holder of it 8.5 % secure – senior unsecured note to exchange U.S. $ 10 million aggregate principal amount of the senior note for approximately 7 million share of Bellatrix . the senior note be acquire at a 10 % discount to it face value . the reduction of $ 10 million of senior note outstanding provide an annualize interest saving of approximately $ 1.1 million use the current Canadian to U.S. dollar exchange rate . the exchange agreement be consistent with Bellatrix strategy to improve financial strength , optimize it capital structure and enhance long - term shareholder value . now back over to it , Brent .  , Max . it deliver on what it say it would do during the first quarter of 2018 , which include production volume exceed full year guidance by 6 % and the completion of Phase 2 of the Alder Flats Plant ahead of schedule and 5 % under budget . on April 3 , 2018 , Bellatrix announce a reduction to it 2018 capital expenditure budget aim at preserve balance sheet strength and liquidity , while optimize production level . the update budget contemplate a range of capital expenditure in 2018 of between $ 55 million to $ 60 million . the 2018 capital budget will remain flexible throughout the year and focus on optimize forecast return on invest capital through focus development of the Spirit River liquid - rich natural gas play and high liquid weight opportunity in the Cardium play . strength in global oil price be encouraging and timely for Bellatrix give the contribution of high liquid yield from phase 2 of the Alder Flats Plant and a high corporate rating of condensate within it light oil and condensate strength . it actively monitor the commodity price environment and can proactively adjust capital investment into it high liquid - focus Cardium play depend on rate - of - return expectation . Bellatrix maintain an inventory of approximately 213 net location in the Cardium , which provide light oil and condensate exposure . the Cardium provide significant upside potential for Bellatrix and as it continue to advance it technical work and improve forecast rate of return expectation from this part of it portfolio . a strong liquidity position remain a priority for management . it would like to reinforce some importance that it three foundational pillar provide , which include a high - quality asset base in one of the most prolific natural gas place in North America , underpin by strategic infrastructure ownership and control and support by ample takeaway capacity . these element provide the necessary ingredient for long - term profitability . it wish to  it employee for it significant contribution in the first quarter . it also want to  it shareholder for it long - term support as it remain focused on enhance value . Ariel , that conclude it prepare remark this morning , it will now open up the line to question from analyst and investor . question - and - answer session  it . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Michael Zuk of Athena Capital Advisors .  , guy . congrat on the good quarter and the step change in drilling result and cost reduction . definitely noticeable , so kudo there . it be just curious how the internal dialogue be in term of how it see the interest for borrow landscape ? it see the tenure over 3 point now and the benchmark rate in Canada be creep up . as it look at possible refinance it long - term debt , do it think – it have urgency in do that now or do it want to see how thing play out ? it be just curious how it guy be assess that situation ? yes ,  , Mike . good question . no , it be look at that and it be look at the refinancing and the option available for it into the marketplace . that be the priority for it , it mean , it debt be it main priority ; one , keep it debt down , reduce it debt where it can , and recognize . it still have the ample term with the note for two year , but , no , it be look at it option . okay . and do it see it with more of these exchange type deal or be there an upper limit on how many of those it want to do ? well , it always look at long - term enhancement for the corporation and what ’ right for the long - term sustainability and value creation . and it recognize that it debt be what be overshadow in the marketplace right now and it ’ the concern that all of it have . and so it always look at address that appropriately , whether it ’ through the rate opportunity , reduce it debt , increase it cash flow , it believe it ’ the right move for the corporation . so this opportunity arise and it think it be good value creation for the company . and the step that , yes , it want to take , when it look at other , yes , it mean , it always look at everything across the board to put it into a well position . it continue to drive down that debt and increase cash flow to navigate through this environment , that ’ it strategy and it vision . okay , that make sense . and just , it guess , operational , it be curious and all , it mean , these be fantastic result . be these kind of would it say these be some of it high quality location it be drill or these – it be the medium inventory ? or how sustainable be these kind of rate cost go forward ? another good question , Mike . it can see throughout 2017 and again , throughout 2018 , it have a large plethora of inventory . and the technology and the improvement that it be able to make , reduce the cost and improve that deliverability continue . and the question that it ask , it mean , it ’ the question that ’ be ask from it for the last four to five year . and it think , it have show that , no , it be not run out of inventory , if anything , it be increase it inventory and it continue to do it better . so it see run room for year that the rate that it have see it deliver here on it well . okay , that ’ helpful , Brent , appreciate it . yes , and again , a good solid quarter . appreciate it time . great ,  , Mike . it next question come from Andrew Griffith of Southpaw Asset Management . Andrew Griffith  , guy . Could it talk about it outlook for 2019 pricing ? what play into it decision to lock - in $ 2.01 per mcf for – on the fix swap ? yes . hi , it ’ Steve ,  Andrew for the question . in term of it outlook for gas , it believe that there could be some weakness in summer gas price and that be one of the reason it determine that walk in a fix price through the summer month be a good value option for Bellatrix . as it can see from it operational performance , it well continue to perform extremely well , it make very solid rate of return at $ 2 AECO pricing . so to walk in that and protect those type of economic make good sense from a corporate perspective . Andrew Griffith got it . and have it guy shed in any volume or do it plan to ? yes , it be review that and it have be shed in some volume in this pricing environment . it all know right now that the TransCanada main line be down for maintenance for May and June , and then off and on throughout the summer month . so it do create weakness in that spot pricing . it be react to that and it have the ability to do so and that be something that it be work on here right now and it will be have further announcement to the marketplace with what it have do and it strategy . and yes , it have to be flexible in these circumstance here and recognize that be well to shed in some production in the short - term to capture a high price long - term , absolutely , it ’ a good strategy and one that it be implement . Andrew Griffith great ,  , guy . it next question come from Josef Schachter of Schachter Energy Research . Josef Schachter  , guy , and congratulation again on the cost side and the drilling cost and the operating cost side . a couple of question , it drill six well in the Q1 , last year it do 13 . what do it see as the activity if it have $ 32 million or so leave to spend ? be that – be it look at seven or eight more well ? and how do it see it go in term of be drill in Q2 to Q4 ? yes , that ’ great point , Josef . it do complete six well , one be technically drill last year and it complete it , but it do bring six well on in the first quarter as it mention . and the remaining capital for 2018 be largely go to be spend on drilling . so it pick that number it ’ still about right , with about eight net well for the remainder of the year as well . it be always look at different way that it can lever it capital to do more activity . as it know , with the gas plant on , it have capacity for the production . and tie to the other comment around shed in , it be also shed in gas , it be look at good way to leave all of that to maximize cash flow . but it ’ pretty safe to assume as a base case where it be look at about eight net well for the rest of the year . Josef Schachter and it activity probably more in Q3 , so that it bring it on in Q4 , so hopefully when these pass the TransCanada issue ? yes , exactly , Josef . it be very attune to that , as it know as it be also in the market . and all of it recognize that during this maintenance the pricing be down , whereas it can see just two week ago when there be interruptible , no maintenance surprise for it buyer . so to it point , absolutely , it be go to – tie that with it drilling activity into the market when it can realize that high price , it do it run too and it look at it and say , yes , absolutely , it be worth differ until that maintenance season be over . Josef Schachter okay . so if it look at the it forecast where it guidance now be 34,000 to 35,500 , then during the Q2 and Q3 , be it look at number like 31,000 , 32,000 of production during those two quarter ramp up again in the fourth quarter and then set the stage for good 2019 ? it think it will find the volume a little high than that , Josef . it be set back , but it have some very turkey route . and so it sit in a good spot to be able to do what be right , cut back , still deliver . and be in a position to take advantage of it at the – at those period . definitely at the end of the year and there ’ a lot of – it can speculate through the summer month too . but throughout July and August , maintenance taper off substantially . and right now , storage sensor be not interruptible , there ’ no storage be build here in Canada . so there could an opportunity there . and one of the big benefit that it have here at Bellatrix be it optionality and it flexibility that it have to be able to swing it volume up and down and take advantage of that market . so it be go to play that just it point , it be go to play that to the – to those swing in pricing and ramp it production up and down accordingly throughout those month that – on those that time that ‘ it be able to . Josef Schachter okay . last question , it Cardium well . it be talk as it say there about try to figure out how to draw the cost down . so may be as economic as it natural gas well . what kind of productivity be happen in the – in it area by competitor ? because it be hear high and high number 400 , 500 boe a day on those – on Cardium well . and just wonder , be that the sweet spot that it be in . that potentially be the upside if it want to have more liquid to the balance , now that it get Alder flat full up with the volume it need ? that ’ a great question , Josef . Bellatrix have be able to take advantage by concentrate on it Spirit River . it would be able to watch some of the player , and it know the name , people in the off set land base . and it have do a great job move the Cardium forward . it do some well last year and it do two in Q4 . it be very happy with the production result . and be reserve due to cader accrete with it . it be now leverage of that and move it think step forward in 2018 on it cost structure . and it be really talk about with it prepared remark . the Cardium be more liquid rich per Mcf of gas . however , as it can see it Spirit River just give it ton of gas . so on a straight up basis , liquid be approximately similar from one well type to another , and it ’ really just a question of do it want the gas or not to come with it ? thus far , with it expand plant and it contracting , it have be able to make more money in the Spirit River get additional gas . but as it approach it design level or production with that plant on a work interest . it be right , it may go to a low gas , more liquid wait on the Cardium . and it be develop a couple of different option in it program that will could see it go up to 50 - 50 on the Cardium , the Spirit River . it think one of way that it have be really be able to take advantage and reduce it cost have be a lot of well planning . it reference that again in it remark around multiple well from one location . so it may see it be able to do two Cardium , one Mannville from the same location or two Spirit River and Cardium , which should drive the cost down on all three . stand in one pipeline , one set of time , et cetera . that ’ what it be lever to get it cost down . if it can get those all - in cost down , it ’ go to make it the most competitive , and that ’ go to drive some of the business . the only other comment it would make be it be go to step into this by drilling , assess mill result and drill again . so it will not see it move to an eight well Cardium program this year . but it be go to definitely lever up from the two it do last year to more lead this year and keep build to make sure that it can deliver without waste any of it potential . and just to add on to that , it think the drive force that it have here with the Spirit River be just the very high liquid content . and the fact that with addition of phase 2 of it deep cut gas plant , it bump those liquid recovery or another 10 barrel per million . and so it sit in a very attractive place . it mean , the Cardium well be outstanding and it competitor have do a fantastic job . and it have a lot of run room in that same fairway with the Cardium . but to Garrett ’s point , it Spirit River . really out of all the noise out of the gas , and these be very prolific gas producer . but it ’ the liquid , the liquid be so significant that through it rate return fantastic so it be fortunate to have t hat optionality between two of the lead play type in the basin right now that , as Garrett mention , it can access off of the same pad site . it – thereby , just continue to drive it cost down . Josef Schachter well . it ’ great and  for take the question and it will see it at the ATM this afternoon .  so much .  it , Josef .  guy ,  for take it question . it guess , just read the press release , it kind of mention funding per CapEx and one of the potential source be it mention be kind of asset disposition . it mean it guy have obviously do a lot in that front over the last few year . just kind of want to know what potential there be there ? or be that there ’ anything contemplate in that regard at this point ?  for the question . it have get a handful of sort of small , it mean , less of course than it have few year back . but still handful of small non - core asset that really will not attract capital give the how great the core Spirit River and the Cardium location be . so there be handful of small one . it will continue to entertain offer on from other folk . and it look forward to hopefully to execute some of that over probably even the next couple of year . it would not say there ’ a big urgency for it . but it certainly be another way for it to take that capital and put it into the well play . and if it look at what it have do over the past several year . it have be able to replace that production for a fraction of proceed that it have be get from those disposition . so in that same vein , it continue to move forward with those , sort of , small non - core disposition . sure . and then , it guess , also Eshleman mention that it guy be potentially kind of explore or kind of financing option to increase liquidity . Could it give it more color on that ? be that in addition to ? or would that be like instead of kind of the traditional rbl that it have in place ? it think it be look at all option . there be not too much detail it can give it . but it can tell it that it be – it have get a long list of thing it be work on that will improve what it call the credit quality of the company . so it continue to work on those . and sorry , it can not give much detail on it . but suffice to say , it be work very diligently at those thing . and try to get far ahead of thing . and particularly in the 2020 bond maturity . 