first , as it relate to cap structure , it be happy to report that this morning it file an 8-k announcing that it have an agreement principle with an ad hoc group for it creditor on the structure that refinance it exist revolving credit facility . complete the refinancing of this facility will be meaningful first step towards the full restructuring of it debt obligation . this first step will replace it exist revolving credit facility , which be provide by Victory Park , with the new facility be finance in large part by some of it large current bondholder . in addition to the credit provide by this lender group , Victory Park will reinvest over $ 3 million of it exist exposure into the new revolving credit facility through the end of October . while the new credit facility will have the maturity of 2020 , it require the restructuring of it exist bond indebtedness through a deleveraging transaction that must occur by the end of November . the 8-k further outline that the require deleveraging transaction must convert at least two third of the senior secure indebtedness and equity and or junior indebtedness . it believe that participation of some of it key bondholder in this first step transaction position it well to continue to work constructively towards a successful execution of the second step that be a restructuring of the exist bond through the require deleveraging transaction . it have be work through the required documentation of the new facility and obtain the regulated consent to execute the new facility . it expect the transaction to close sometime within the next 10 day . an additional step that will assist the company in resolve it current liquidity need involve the lender to it unrestricted sub , who have agree to an increase in it facility from $ 60 million to $ 63.5 million at close , and have further agree to a potential additional expansion of the facility of up to $ 65 million . the amendment to this facility be schedule to close concurrent with the new revolving credit facility . this also represent one of it long - term capital partner play an active role in resolve it current capital structure challenge . it be very pleased with the confidence it capital partner be exhibit with these respective commitment . as note in the 8-k file today , it company have every expectation of complete each of these refinance transaction in the next 10 day . there can be no assurance that company will be able to consummate the transaction on the term set forth herein or on different or other term . it look forward to share further detail with it as the restructuring move forward . on the regulatory front , in it last call , HB 123 in Ohio be move through the House of Representatives . this legislation pass both the House and the Senate have be sign in the law by the Governor . lend on it 123 would severely restrict what credit product it be able to offer it customer , and as it outline in it 10-Q , may have a material adverse effect on the result financial performance . key provision of the bill include no loan under 90 day , unless a monthly payment principal and interest do not exceed 7 % of the customer 's monthly net income , as a provisional borrower have more than the $ 2,500 principal outstanding . it provide for a monthly maintenance fee that be cap at a less of 10 % or $ 30 . the total cost alone can not exceed 60 % of the principal extend , provide a onetime loan origination fee of 2 % on loan or cap to 2 % on loan or $ 500 and above . finally , there be a prohibition on the CSO structure under which it operate today . now it be do a lot of analysis , and it be still assess on good how to respond to this statute , and it be certainly disappoint in the legislature action , as it note in it last call , and this be well - document in the medium , the patch of the bill seem to be cloud by questionable political motivation . it do not believe that restrict consumer 's access to credit in a manner that conform to HB 123 be the right solution . it believe Ohio consumer should have the right to a variety of credit alternative provide by competitive market regulate provider . it think this competition to drive solution to an efficient point where consumer be properly serve and company be able to earn a fair profit . in it opinion , 123 represent , an example where legislator have excessively interfere with that market . and it fear that it interference with the market will have negative consequence for both consumer and the company that wish to serve it in a regulated fashion . the bill be effective as the loan make under the statute after April 28 , 2019 . so it have some time to carefully evaluate it future product offering that can assure it it be carefully study the issue , it impact on it business , it customer and stakeholder , and evaluate the option available to it in respond to these change . on it last call it mention four different bill , which be pende in California . it be pleased to report that each of those bill fail to pass and be now dead . at the federal level , there have be little tangible movement regard the CFPB or it be now know the bcfp , since it last call , it remain begin widely report and widely expect that the CFPB will reevaluate the pende rule affect small loan or credit . finally , as it relate to it core partner serve it customer , it be pleased that it performance in the second quarter solid . it be continue to serve it customer with well efficiency and to realize an improved financial performance when compare to the prior year . the second quarter revenue be in line with that report in Q2 , ' 17 . the revenue though be achieve at a low headcount , low expense structure and improve net bad debt , result at a more profitable quarter . very pleased with the work of the team and operationally maintain it focus on execution while it work diligently to solve both regulatory and financial restructuring issue . there be obviously number of critical initiative in process , but the most critical be certainly to create value for all stakeholder and that be why it continue to work through the operational side of the business and to achieve that by execute on it retail business model . second quarter result too illustrate it focus on that execution , and it be pleased to have a much bright report on that front . so Michael , will it take it through the Q2 highlight ?  it , Ted . as Ted mention , it second quarter result demonstrate improved efficiency in it operation , allow it to achieve favorable variance in operate gross profit 24 % as compare to q2 of 2017 . begin in Q4 of 2017 , it begin highlight favorable intra - quarter momentum in it operating result . this more favorable performance continue to the first quarter , and it be pleased to report be realize again in the second quarter . topline revenue be in line with that report in the second quarter of 2017 , short - term lending revenue represent a favorable variance of 1.4 % during the second quarter as compare to the second quarter of 2017 . it have report a negative variance in medium - term lending revenue of 12.6 % as compare to the prior year . expansion of it medium term product be constrain during the quarter as it prudently manage liquidity , while work towards it debt restructuring . in contrast to the contraction in it medium - term revenue , credit service fee report favorable variance of 15.5 % during the quarter . it credit service solution be one which be very capital efficient , allow it to realize strong growth without the same magnitude of impact on liquidity . it should be note that a significant portion of this credit service fee revenue be currently earn in Ohio , through a solution , which will be negatively impact by the legislative change begin in the second quarter of next year . finally , check , cash and other income report negative revenue variance versus the prior year . although it see a 7.9 % increase in the average fee per check cash , this be offset by a 9.1 % decline in the number of check cash . the consolidation of it retail location be contribute to this negative variance . from a store count standpoint , it end Q2 of 2018 with 478 store compare to 507 store in Q2 of 2017 , a reduction of 5.7 % . it continue to monitor store location for consolidation opportunity . all six of the store closure in q2 of 2018 be in state it have make acquisition over the past two year evidence it ongoing effort to consolidate to the good location . review it segment reporting , retail revenue be 4.9 % or $ 3.2 million high than last year . as note , this be achieve on a store base , which be down 5.7 % year - over - year . the retail segment expand it operating gross margin from 16.7 % in Q2 of 2017 to 22 % in Q2 of 2018 . retail income from continue operation expand from $ 11 million in Q2 of 2017 to $ 15.2 million in Q2 of 2018 , as a result of high revenue and low expense . the internet segment report a negative revenue variance drive by a contraction in it medium - term loan portfolio . contraction in the medium - term portfolio couple with improved underwriting performance , allow the internet segment to report an improvement in provision for loan loss reduce from 54.8 % of revenue in Q2 of 2017 to 45.6 % in Q2 of 2018 . underwriting cost be high on a per fund basis , however , favorable net bed debt performance enable an expansion in operate margin in the internet segment . turn back to consolidated net revenue and income from operation , through favorable net bad debt performance , it report net revenue increase of 2.1 % or $ 1.2 million versus the prior year period . operating expense , exclude provision , have decline 6.4 % or $ 2.6 million versus the comparable year period . this decrease can be attribute to the closure of underperform location , couple with several cost containment initiative . the favorable operate expense variance be achieve despite increase spend on underwriting , primarily relate to the internet segment . the operate expense saving enable a positive year - over - year variance and income from operation , expand from $ 16 million in Q2 of 2017 to $ 19.9 million in Q2 of 2018 , a favorable variance of 23.9 % . in q2 , 2018 , it also report it third straight favorable variance in core corporate expense , reduce over this period from $ 21.9 million in Q3 of 2017 to $ 17.2 million in Q2 of 2018 . this be achieve primarily through change in compensation structure and headcount reduction . it end the second quarter of 2018 with $ 60.2 million in cash and cash equivalent on it balance sheet , a decrease of $ 6.7 million as compare to fiscal year end 2017 . this decrease versus Q4 ' 17 be primarily due to payment of interest on it debt obligation and the timing of certain account payable and accrue liability . in summary , it be pleased with it operating performance . it continue to realize efficiency and convert a large portion of it revenue into operating profit . it believe Q2 continue to represent the positive trajectory discuss on it last quarterly call . and with that , it will turn the call back to Ted Saunders .  , Michael . as it say , it be continue to work on restructure the balance sheet , deal with some potential material change on it regulatory front , and operationally , it be still execute on the model . so the mission statement indicate that it be go to provide it customer , team member and stakeholder 's value by deliver it service in a responsible compliant cost - effective manner . it be it simple objective to ensure that it continue to deliver on that statement , and then believe during the second quarter , it make good progress on deliver on that promise . appreciate it patience and trust be to navigate through the change in it cap structure . it believe it have a plan in place that will put it on a value maximize path . and as the event unfold and consistent with what be permissible under it SEC constraint , it will continue to provide update as it move forward .  it very much for it ongoing support . and with that , it will turn to Q&A. question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it first question come from line of George Brickfield from BTIG . it line be open . George Brickfield yes .  . so one question it have be , do it have any datum on it customer base in term of what percentage of it may be on a income ? it think the short answer be it track a lot of information about it customer , and it do not release any of that publicly . 