everything it be do at CHC be guide by three thing ; first , it fundamental commitment to safety ; second , to satisfy it customer ; and third , it financial priority , which include strengthen it balance sheet , expand EBITDAR dollar and margin , and grow with discipline . as always on these call , it will start by talk about safety , specifically it rolling five - year accident rate . through the end of fiscal Q1 , CHC ’s performance against it primary industry major hold steady for the previous quarter at 0.38 accident per 100,000 flight hour . this rate include an accident last year off the coast of Sumburgh in the U.K. on August 23 , the one - year anniversary of that incident , CHC people around the world pause . it honor the memory of the four passenger who perish on that tragic day . please turn to page 5 . as it review it first quarter segment result , please be aware that it reflect an internal realignment and the associate change in how it record inter - company revenue and cost . this be for Heli - one or MRO service , which perform aircraft that be fly by it Helicopter Services division . the change do not affect consolidated CHC result , but it do alter segment result for Helicopter Services and Heli - One . it will increase visibility , accountability , decision - making across both these unit . Joan will go into more detail regard this change . it deliver result in line with it expectation for the first quarter and further progress towards it long - term objective of superior financial performance and value creation . revenue be up solidly and adjust EBITDAR also increase . there be several reason , internal and external , for it continued optimism about the helicopter service industry and CHC ’s unique place within it . it can be summarize by four highlight . it be ; first , a significant long - term growth opportunity support by strong market fundamental . Nigeria , it have establish a thoughtful and capable presence , provide a particularly vivid example . industry tender for fly service be anticipate over the next 18 month that could in fact eclipse over three dozen aircraft . second , highlight be it market leadership position and proud safety record . the motivation of CHC people be not simply to enhance safety in it own operation but also to help spearhead high level of safety for everybody in it industry . third , it be increasingly encourage by it operational excellence , and this have be create through it transformation and it commitment to continuous improvement . let it give it a real - life example . it aircraft availability have be steadily rise over the past several month , and by every indication , represent best - in - class performance by it team . well supply chain management along with improved maintenance planning be among the reason for it improvement , and it be make possible in part by collapse multiple different tool system and process into one lead - edge system use by it team across the world . and fourth , as it also hear about it financial priority , it be determined to achieve discipline profitable growth across it flying and MRO business through contract that be consistently good for it customer and good for CHC , and it global revenue stream be very resilient . More than 70 % of it fly revenue be tie to oil and gas production , and the majority of it economic be cover by monthly standing charge . now Joan will walk it through the detail of it fiscal first quarter result , after which it will have an ample time to answer any of it question . Joan ?  it , Bill . please turn to page 6 . first quarter result be in line with it expectation and it be pleased with it progress toward meet the full - year target that it communicate in August . consolidated revenue be $ 461 million , up 11 % , drive by growth from new contract in both Helicopter Services and Heli - One . as expect , EBITDAR be up 1 % to $ 112 million , aid by improved margin from new contract in both segment . growth in EBITDAR be moderate by approximately $ 4 million of stock compensation expense , expense it do not have last year when it be private . this be worth about 3 point of growth in the quarter and also negatively impact the margin percentage . now , it want to point out that over the last few year it consolidated EBITDAR have be back - end load with more than 50 % of it annual EBITDAR realize in the second half of it fiscal year and it expect fiscal ’ 15 to follow that trend . please turn to page 7 , before it discuss it segment result , let it elaborate on the change in segment report that Bill mention . this change be drive by an internal realignment to ensure an even high level of accountability for maintenance decision and it ’ the logical next step in it transformation initiative . the realignment be aid by it implementation of new IT tool , such as AMOS , that enhance it supply chain process . previously , Helicopter Services procure maintenance service from Heli - One through a power - by - the - hour , or PBH , structure . Heli - one ’s internal revenue be recognize on a fix rate per Helicopter Services flight hour , include a pass - through of cost for outsource maintenance not provide directly by Heli - one . this mechanism result in Heli - One ’s revenue and cost not always be align from quarter - to - quarter , result in increase volatility in it result . it have now move from an internal PBH model to an MRO model where Heli - One will charge Helicopter Services for work perform by Heli - one on a time and material basis . Helicopter Services will contract directly with third - party provider for work that Heli - One do not have the capability to perform . in the new structure , variation relate to the timing of maintenance event will impact Helicopter Services segment whereas in the past it impact Heli - One . since the activity and decision within it Helicopter Services segment have more direct impact than maintenance event , this change will better align it decision and financial result . Helicopter Services cost will now be match more closely to the maintenance requirement generate from it operation . this will also remove some volatility from Heli - one and make it result more predictable . as Bill mention , there be no impact on it consolidated result , only at the segment level . it have include restate quarterly result for fiscal 2014 and restate annual result for fiscal 2013 in both it earning release and it web deck . all reference to Helicopter Services and Heli - One ’s performance , include growth rate and margin , now reflect the new structure . please turn to page 8 , revenue for Helicopter Services be up 9 % , drive by new contract , notably in Western North Sea and increase flight hour in Brazil . EBITDAR be up 1 % , drive by the increase in SAR activity in Western North Sea and new contract with improved margin across it region . as expect , this improvement be partially offset by some contract completion . while it he count decline by 3 % year - over - year , it HE rate jump 15 % . this growth be drive by the return to service of it ec225 aircraft and it continue strategy to increase it mix of new technology aircraft . please turn to page 9 , move on to Heli - One . third - party revenue increase 34 % , drive by additional MRO work and an increase in external PBH revenue from both new and existing contract . the increase in margin from new contract in both the external PBH and MRO business contribute to a 26 % increase in EBITDAR for Heli - One . please turn to page 10 , as it have discuss in the past , it be very focused on every opportunity to improve free cash flow and strengthen it balance sheet , and it be start to realize these benefit . operate cash flow be a use of $ 31 million , an improvement of $ 13 million versus last year , drive by low interest expense and improvement in work capital . the decline in interest expense be due to it repurchase of it senior secure note in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 and in May of this calendar year . in addition to lower it fix cost , another lever it have to drive improvement in cash flow be work capital . in the quarter , it make additional progress in lower it day sale outstanding , drive a decline of two day versus last year , and each day be worth approximately $ 4.5 million in cash to it . it will now open the line up for question , operator . question - and - answer session  it . lady and gentleman , at this time it will be conduct a question - and - answer session . ( Operator Instructions ) it first question come from the line of Hilda Maraachlian with Cormark Securities . please proceed with it question . Hilda Maraachlian - Cormark Securities Bill , it give some comment in it prepare remark , but can it just give a bit more color on Nigeria , what be it see out there and have anything change since it give an update , it know it guy be talk about some issue there , regulatory issue , just give it an update on what ’ go on there ? sure . as it point out , there be at least three dozen opportunity that be in front of it in the pipeline over the next 18 month , and it be track it from the standpoint of when the opportunity hit it pipeline to where it give technical requirement to customer to where it give commercial term to customer and finally win the bid . and on a couple of the major one , it at least move through the technical phase and in one , in fact , commercial phase . so it be pretty enthusiastic with respect to the progress that ’ happen since the last time it have a call , but then again at any time thing can change in Nigeria with respect to the regulator . so it will keep an eye closely on this , but at this juncture , it ’ positive news .  it . it next question come from the line of Praveen Narra with Raymond James . please proceed with it question . Praveen Narra - Raymond James Could it guy comment on what it be see from a lead - edge market pricing standpoint , and if it could , any reason that be standout from the trend ? it think the good way to describe it would be stability . if it have be follow the oil and gas service sector , which it think it have , it will know that lot of the oil company be , in fact , think about cost , cost , cost and it be see some of that with respect to - it be ask it to be creative with respect to how it do tender and be able to figure out cost saving for it . so it would characterize again as stable with respect to pricing . Praveen Narra - Raymond James and then , in term of get the centralized efficiency , centralize system efficiency gain , where be it in term of the run rate or it kind of run full run rate or be there some more fruit to be pick ? there ’ some more fruit to be pick . it be -- it would say characterize all the system together , it be probably 75 % of the way through , different phase between region but that ’ roughly right for the entire company , so it still get 25 % to go with respect to get fully implement and after it ’ fully implement , of course , there will still be some more time before it get full run rate saving in place .  it . ( Operator Instructions ) it next question come from the line of Henry Voskoboynik with Fore Advisors . please proceed with it question . Henry Voskoboynik - Fore advisor two question , mostly regard to the investment by Clayton and Dubilier . Can it walk it through the timeline and also the requirement for this deal to happen in term of the shareholder vote , [ the time ] [ ph ] , just the timeline ?  . it can talk real high level . as Lynn indicate in it opening remark , it really can not speak with a lot of specificity on the transaction until it go through the filing , but as it indicate on the August call , it expect or hope to close the transaction by the end of this calendar year . process wise , it need to file both the proxy and an s1 in order to do that and then obviously that go through the SEC review process , which be why it be unable to give a definitive timeline . Henry Voskoboynik - Fore advisor and a follow - up to that , it look like again some of the term , if it understand correctly , that ’ $ 500 million and then $ 100 million right [ that ’s be back up ] [ ph ] by CDR as well . if it take down the whole $ 600 million at a conversion price of $ 7.50 , it look like it will own 80 million share on an as - convert basis , which be about 50 % of the total outstanding share pro forma , and the three year of the coupon be pick at 8.5 % , that take it over the 50 % threshold , what be it miss ? well , again , it can not comment specifically . it will remind it , however , that it do have a web deck on it August 22 earning call to discuss the transaction . it can not discuss any more detail on that . when the proxy be file , those detail will be in the proxy . also , it just file an 8-k. it think it be about two day after it make the announcement that have all of the agreement , and if it have not have a chance to read the agreement , it encourage it to do that , because most of the question that it ask would be answer in those agreement . Henry Voskoboynik - Fore advisor and when do it expect to file the proxy ? soon . it do not have a specific date , but it should be soon .  it . it next question come from the line of Sean Sneeden with Oppenheimer . please proceed with it question . Sean Sneeden - Oppenheimer Most of the question be answer , but maybe Joan for it , it definitely appreciate it commentary on deleverage the capital structure and it look like it guy be take pretty good step there , but can it perhaps help it out in think about specific kind of long - term leverage target that it guy be hope to achieve ? well , again , it be not in a position to do that because of the quiet period that Lynn mention in it opening comment . so it be unable , at this point , to update guidance , but again if it go back and look at some of the comment it do make on the August 22 call it talk about , the expectation for how much that propose transaction would help it from a cash flow standpoint , so unfortunately it be not in a position to give it any more specific than that at this point . Sean Sneeden - Oppenheimer and then , maybe just so it understand it obviously really highlight , it seem like it pay down some of the bond , [ indiscernible ] unsecured bond ? sorry , it do not -- . it be cut out , and it do not quite get it question . Sean Sneeden - Oppenheimer be it fair to assume that the payback of at least the [ indiscernible ] of the unsecured bond through the equity claw provision or [ it go out ] [ ph ] and actually go to tender for it ? again , it can not comment today any differently than what have be do in the past , but if it go look at the prepared remark and the web deck associate with it August 22 call , it think it will find some of that information .  it . it last question come from the line of Michael Henderson - Cohen with Andalusian . please proceed with it question . Michael Henderson - Cohen - Andalusian just a quick question or two on the EBITDAR margin that it be see in it Helicopter Services division and Heli - one division . on Helicopter Services , on page 8 , just compare Q1 of ‘ 15 versus Q1 of ’ 14 , look like there be some compression there , and yet there be high margin with these new contract , and it would imagine that some of the contract that be come off be largely low margin . it just be wonder if it could kind of bridge the gap there or just touch a little bit more on what ’ go on ? typically , and this relate to the comment it make about how the EBITDAR be back - end loaded . typically , it invest in a lot of it supply chain in the beginning of the year , and so that happen again this quarter , and again with the change in alignment , those cost be now sit in the Helicopter Services p&l. so that would be a piece of it . Michael Henderson - Cohen - Andalusian and that not happen , it guess , in Q1 of last year ? well , it ’ be more investment , and be link directly to what Bill talk about . it make a concerted effort to improve it availability and it be able to do that through invest in it supply chain . so if it think about all the enhancement it have make through the system and process , it have invest in ensure that the right part be in the right place around the world and that create some hit initially on the P&L , but it be very happy with the result on availability . so it be more investment than it would have do in the past .  it . lady and gentleman , it have come to the end of it time for question . it would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Amelio for closing remark .  it . let it turn to page 11 . it always value the time that it spend with it so it have a well chance to understand CHC along with the feedback it can provide it through this call as well as through other forum . rest assure that it will continue to strategically and actively manage CHC . it ’ all about it be able to provide safe , predictable , high - quality service to it customer and fulfil it financial priority , and recall those financial priority be , for it , to strengthen it balance sheet , expand EBITDAR dollar and margin and to drive disciplined growth . 