it caution listener that any remark it make in this conference call relate to matter that be not historical fact constitute forward - look statement , which be make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . these statement be subject to various risk and uncertainty , many of which be outside of it control , which may cause actual result to be materially different from any forecast it have make . these risk and uncertainty be describe in it report file with the SEC include those discuss in the Risk Factors , MD&A and other section of it Annual Report on Form 10-k for the fiscal year end December 31 , 2014 , file with the SEC on February 27 , 2015 . it have issue a press release discuss it result for the quarter end March 31 , 2015 , which have be file with the SEC under Form 8-k. it disclaim any duty to update or revise such forward - look statement whether as a result of future event or otherwise . in addition , for those of it who do not have access to this release and filing , it have also make it available at it website , www.mysportsclubs.com . this conference call be also be webcast and may be access via the Investor Relations section of it website . also , a replay and transcript of the call will be make available on it website on May 6 , 2015 . it will now turn this call over to it Chief Executive Officer , Dan Gallagher . Daniel Gallagher  , Carolyn , and good afternoon , everyone . it first want to give a brief update on it high value low price or what it call HVLP club conversion initiative that it have be work so hard at for the past nine month . it be pleased to announce that it HVLP rollout be now complete , and today it be operate 124 of it club under the HVLP umbrella . this conversion be no small task , and it be proud of the effort of the entire organization , include it dedicated field team as well as all those who support the field , and who work so hard to get to this point . it be now in the execution phase , and it will look to gain market share with this new model . in Q1 specifically , it net approximately 21,000 new member , a direct result of increase membership sale at it HVLP club . this be the large quarterly membership increase it have have in at least five year . prior to it launch of the HVLP product , it be experience net member loss . look back to the second half of 2013 , it have a net loss of approximately 15,000 member , and this be follow by lose another 18,000 member net in the first three quarter of 2014 . as it begin to convert club to the HVLP model , it increase it member base by approximately 5,000 member in Q4 2014 . and in Q1 this year , seasonally a quarter more conducive to net member add , it be able to build it membership base further by 21,000 versus lose 1,000 member a year ago . it believe it HVLP strategy be the drive force behind it member addition . this membership increase be deliver even as the competitive dynamic in it market continue unabated . the total join fee associate strictly with HVLP club it convert in Q1 average approximately $ 180 , which represent an increase over the average of $ 100 per member collect in Q4 at the club convert in 2014 . it also believe these high join fee result in less membership sale volume than it have anticipate . it believe that the pace at which it sign new member can be accelerate with a modification in join fee , and this be a tactic it will be deploy in select club in the come week , as it determine the result potential membership volume . it will continue to learn how to maximize this new model with more week and month of operate HVLP club under it belt , and will have the flexibility to either test and quickly implement any learning across the club . as it discuss in it last call , it believe it value proposition with the HVLP club be resonate , as it work to build awareness of it offering in each of it market . it topline equipment , group exercise , personal training , UXF zone , and in some club basketball court and swimming pool be all key differentiating attribute of the Town Sports club experience relative to other low cost operator it compete with . while it believe it member be get a lot of value for it monthly due , it also believe it can improve on the member experience it deliver . it will continue to invest in it club and it people to elevate the member experience . it be put a lot of effort around improve it facility and improve the cleanliness of it club . it be replace floor , renovate locker room , replace equipment , and at the same time it be work on initiative to deliver a consistently clean and friendly experience to it member . it member experience be top priority . with respect to it personal training offering , it deliver an 8.3 % increase in PT revenue in Q1 . it continue to receive positive feedback on it UXF zone , which provide great support for it personal training product . and give it success to date , it plan to expand a number of these zone in select club in 2015 . this fairly capital - light reconfiguration of floor space , reallocate more productive space towards this more productive UXF area . turn to BFX , it soft open it second Manhattan BFX location in the Financial District in mid - March , and it be receive great review , which help it to further build it brand . BFX Studio have be cite for it innovative approach to boutique fitness in magazine such as Self , detail and well+good . in early 2016 , it expect to open it third Manhattan BFX Studio on the Upper East Side , better establish the brand in this very important market . it first bfx location in Boston , on Boylston Street Back Bay be on schedule to soft open later this month , with the grand opening schedule for early June . it expert instructor , it three core offering , and the intimate boutique experience deliver on it BFX studio be all well - receive and it look forward to continue to build this exciting brand . turn back to it core business , it end Q1 with a footprint of 158 club in total , of which 123 be HVLP club and as of today it have 124 HVLP club . at this time , the remainder of it club be not plan to be convert to HVLP . this compare to 162 club at the end of Q1 2014 . it continue to analyze it club base and be keenly focused on maximize profitability . to that end , it have identify four to six club for possible closure in 2015 , as it continue to seek efficiency in cost save opportunity during this turnaround phase for it business . lastly , it know many of it have question around the strategic review process . as it know in March , it welcome new Board member to it Board , who have be designate by it large shareholder . it new Board member have be review it business and current strategy as part of it ongoing strategic review process , which be currently focus on strategy for improve it club , leverage the HVLP model and seek efficiency to maximize profitability . in closing , it have a great team , which have work towards a successful completion of it HVLP rollout and it continue to work tirelessly to execute it strategy . it now offer a superior value alternative to the market segment seek low - cost gym membership . it have a passport - only offering in market where it believe appropriate and it have it BFX Studio offering to penetrate the grow boutique fitness studio market . it continue to seek way to maximize the productivity of it exist club include opportunity for efficiency in club closure . as it strategy take hold , and as it build the member base at converted club , it look forward to update it on it progress . with that it hand it over to Carolyn to discuss it first quarter financial in more detail . Carolyn Spatafora  , Dan . it will now review the income statement and key statistic for the quarter . total revenue for Q1 2015 decrease $ 4.5 million or 3.9 % compare to Q1 2014 , primarily due to the member loss in 2014 and a low average due associate with the implementation of it HVLP strategy . the HVLP club be expect to experience revenue pressure in the near term . the affected exist member opt for low due and new member enrol at low rate have not be offset by the increase in membership sale volume . however , it expect to attract a number of new member at each of club through this strategy in the long - term . it Q1 2015 revenue be $ 1.6 million low than it most recent guidance . this be drive by a low volume of sale than anticipate , and at the same time , the mix of sale and member downgrade be more weighted towards it low monthly due rate at the high initiation fee than it anticipate . it also see it due pressure from cancellation relate to it high pay member . that say these low monthly due come at noticeably high initiation fee . overall , it continue to believe it HVLP strategy will increase market share for it brand in the long - term from the increase membership sale volume , and as Dan say it would testing modification in joint fee to determine what degree reduce joint fee result in accelerated membership growth . it total net member count increase by 21,000 member from end of the year from 484,000 member to 505,000 member at the end of the quarter . this increase represent the large since Q1 of 2008 , which include member growth from 17 news club open in 2007 and Q1 2008 . monthly attrition in the first quarter average 3.7 % , down about 20 basis point from last quarter , but up about 20 basis point from last year 's first quarter . the average monthly membership due charge in the first quarter decrease to $ 55.97 from $ 60.12 in Q1 of 2014 . joint fee collect overall per member Q1 2015 average $ 118.51 compare to $ 56.19 in Q1 2014 . as a reminder , it recognize the majority of these joint fee as revenue over the course of the estimate member life , which be 22 month in the first quarter of 2015 . in Q1 2015 , cash collect for joint fee be $ 11.3 million compare to $ 2.9 million in Q1 2014 . the 2015 amount include $ 3.8 million of initial annual fee pay when the member join it club . total ancillary club revenue increase 6.1 % to $ 24 million from $ 22.6 million in Q1 2014 , drive primarily by an 8.3 % increase in personal training revenue , as it continue to see increase relate to it personal training membership . revenue at it club open from more than 12 month decrease 3.5 % for the quarter compare to a decrease of 4.7 % in Q1 2014 , and a decrease of 3.9 % in Q4 2014 . turn to expense . operating expense for Q1 2015 increase $ 1.4 million or 1.2 % compare to Q1 2014 . operating expense in 2015 include cost of $ 2.2 million relate to it newly open club and BFX Studio location , and $ 1.3 million for separation accrual relate to it former Executive Chairman . these increase be offset by a decrease in fix asset and goodwill impairment charge of $ 2.6 million and a decrease in expense of $ 2.5 million relate to it closed club . separate from these item , operating expense increase $ 3 million , primarily reflect increase marketing spend of $ 2.9 million due to the conversion to the HVLP pricing strategy , and $ 809,000 of increase occupancy expense at it mature club , partially offset by decline in utility expense of $ 1 million . club operating expense increase 3.4 % from last year , drive by increase advertising expense relate to the HVLP strategy as well as increase rent and occupancy expense , mainly for new club and studio , partially offset by low utility expense than last year . general and administrative expense increase $ 128,000 or 1.5 % in Q1 2015 compare to Q1 2014 . include in this increase be $ 200,000 associate with stock award grant to the new member of the Board of Directors , and $ 385,000 relate to legal and other cost in connection with a proxy contest and related settlement . these expense be partially offset by decrease in general liability insurance expense or $ 245,000 and other cost saving . exclude these unusual charge , G&A be favorable to Q1 2014 and to guidance . as a percent of total revenue , general and administrative expense increase to 7.5 % in Q1 2015 from 7.1 % in Q1 2014 . operate loss be $ 7.9 million in Q1 2015 compare with operate lose of $ 2.1 million in the first quarter of 2014 . adjusted EBITDA for the quarter be $ 6.8 million compare to $ 14.1 million in Q1 of 2014 , approximately $ 0.5 million low than guidance , drive by the revenue shortfall , partially offset by favorable payroll and marketing expense . BFX negatively impact EBITDA by approximately $ 949,000 in Q1 , mostly due to startup , occupancy and payroll cost . the BFX contribution reflect revenue from one studio , which be open last year and one studio have a soft opening in mid - March 2015 , and expense from those two studio plus preliminary and pre - opening expense for the additional two studio it attempt to open in 2015 and 2016 . net loss for Q1 be $ 12.8 million or negative $ 0.52 per diluted share compare to a net loss of $ 3.5 million or a negative $ 0.15 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2014 . total outstanding debt as of Mach 31 , 2015 , be $ 307.5 million . it cash position be $ 110.8 million for net debt level of $ 196.7 million compare to a net debt level of $ 214.8 million as of December 31 , 2014 . of the $ 110.8 million of cash on hand , over $ 40 million be hold at the hold company and not subject to restriction of it credit facility . as of March 31 , 2015 , there be no outstanding revolving loan facility borrowing , and the outstanding letter of credit issue total $ 3 million . under it senior credit facility , it be require to keep a total leverage ratio of 4.5:1 or less , in order to borrow on the $ 445 million of it revolving loan facility . as of March 31 , it leverage ratio be in excess of 4.5:1 . therefore , only 25 % or $ 11.25 million of it total revolver be available to borrow . give it cash on hand , it do not expect to draw on the revolver in the near future . capital expenditure total $ 6.4 million in the first quarter compare with $ 7.2 million in the first quarter of 2014 . the decrease be drive by few opening in 2015 as compare to 2014 . for the full year of 2015 , it now expect capital expenditure to be between $ 30 million and $ 34 million , include $ 7 million to $ 8 million relate to one BFX Studio and one club opening during March , and two additional BFX Studio opening in the remainder of the 2015 and early 2016 . as it continue to work on it HVLP model , include evaluate the datum obtain in the past several quarter , it believe at this time it be more difficult to accurately predict it future quarterly revenue and expense than in the past . and therefore have determine to suspend it historical practice of give quarterly revenue , expense and adjusted EBITDA guidance . in connection with the implementation of the HVLP strategy over the past nine month , it experience various level of success in different market with different club . while it have see an increase in membership with it HVLP strategy , particularly in the first quarter of 2015 , it be still refine it strategy , particularly as it relate to the appropriate balance between join fee and membership level . retention of exist member at passport membership price embrace at which exist member downgrade to or new member enroll at the low tier HVLP level pricing rather than at the high tier pricing . it will continue to evaluate it practice with respect to guidance , and may in the future determine to resume provide guidance , if it feel it be appropriate at that time . this conclude it prepared remark . it would now like to turn the call over for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] lady and gentleman , it first question be come from the line of Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray . so a quick question for it . so competition , obviously , it guy be do thing that be disrupt the market there a little bit . it know there be a lot of change go on . but can it talk about any response that it have see from competition , whether it be some more of the bulk price player essentially go after some member that may not like the HVLP model or maybe look for something a little bit different . but anything in term of competitive response out there from competition would be helpful ? Daniel Gallagher it think some of the more notable response it be see be more from the low - cost provider , the one that have less service and less amenity than it have . and what it be do be give zero to join compare to it much high join fee that it have be collect . but it have also be give free month , join today , zero to join , get a free month . it have see definitely pocket of that , depend upon which club of our be there near . but as far as the middle - tier firm , it do not know that there have be that much change in those yet . it be more around the low - cost provider that it seem to be do a nice job against with this new model . and then just speak of that a little further . when it talk about have some success with the model , maybe a little bit more challenging conversion , maybe not go quite as well as it guy have anticipate . Can it elaborate maybe a little bit more maybe what it have learn about the model , where it be successful , where it be have success with it ? and what be some of the key lever ? it sound like it may be that join fee as the primary one , but be there anything else in term of that it have be learn here ? Daniel Gallagher it think the join fee be indeed probably the big thing that it talk about . the join fee be the club that it launch in March , almost for predominantly $ 249 to get to 1995 price point . and that be a large group of club . it think it be over 20 club . and in an entire quarter , the club that it launch for the most part have much high join fee . and it think it be high enough to the point that the prospect 's appetite be not that of what it see before the first quarter . so as it do reduce the fee , as one would expect , it do see an increase in the membership volume of sale . so it be definitely a lever that it can go after , and it be one it be go to monitor very closely to see how much those sale go up as it drop it x dollar versus y dollar . and it would say that that be probably the big learning . and the reason why those fee be high than predecessor , because these be in general club that be in more dense market with high membership level . and so as it roll out club , the join fee be get high and high almost with each and every launch . and it be the last few launch that have an amount that be probably too high for the prospect to hit the sale multiple that it be look for . it think that be probably the big thing . it do think it call it out on a call that it personal training revenue be up over 8 % this quarter , it be actually the high first quarter of PT revenue it have ever have in company history . and it think one of the learning it be have be that this model be support it personal training product . it have many other thing support the personal training product like it UXF zone that it refer to on the call . but it be see a certain lift in personal training revenue , as it roll out this product to it club , and it hope to continue that . and then just , maybe lastly on the cancellation that it be get from some of the member that be in the club . what be it hear back from those member , as the reason for cancellation ? so it would assume that some of those member could downgrade or maybe it just misunderstood that get more member downgrade with cancellation . but just any clarification on the cancellation will be helpful ? Daniel Gallagher it do distinguish between the downgrade and the cancel . so on the downgrade side , and it be probably for the same reason that it talk about regard member prospect and an ability to convert , it be see less downgrade than it be expect , slightly less , but it be very much tracking to what it be expect . in the beginning of the quarter it be not a little well , as far as how many downgrade it be get , but again , that could easily be a function of the joint fee that be require to downgrade . but it be also a function of some of the recipe that it have where many member that be single club only be now afford passport privilege or limited passport privilege depend up on it club . and with that come other thing , like towel service and group exercise reservation privilege . so overall , it would say it downgrade , it be happy with how many downgrade it have , and it be basically what it be expect , if not even better . on the cancel side , it be about 20 basis point high than last year . and it would say about half of that increase be due to the handful of club that it close during the quarter or that it announce that it be go to close . it think it close two and it announce one during the quarter , and it think this time last year it do not have any of those situation . and then anything on the -- it think there be some different pricing it have on the HVLP member , it may not want to get into this level of detail , but how many of it member be HVLP member now ? and what be go to be average due for that member kind of [ ph ] virtual deal for all kind of Town Sports number that it calculate . Daniel Gallagher it do not have that readily available , Sean . it next question be come from the line of George Kelly with Craig - Hallum . first , a question on BFX . wonder what it be see , if the initial club that it open be profitable and kind of what the trend be with that first club ? Daniel Gallagher the first unit right now be continue to build , it will call it , traffic each and every month . and as it look at Q1 versus when it open , it be continue to build it revenue base each and every month during the quarter . so it be continue to certainly build and it be continue to build on the brand . it do not think this unit be on a monthly basis profitable yet . it be it first unit and it be absorb many of the cost that it have to launch such a unit , but it be not profitable yet . it do not think it disclose exactly how much one it do make , so it have a footnote that will come out in it 10-Q about BFX . and it do think it be worth call out , some of the charge that be include in BFX relate to club that be go to either just open -- not club , but unit of BFX that just open like it FiDi unit , but also it Back Bay unit up in Boston be schedule to open very soon , and it be already incur some pre - opening charge at that unit also . so still build a brand , it re still very happy with it . it be get terrific review , terrific buzz about the product and it be a brand it look forward to keep build on . like it say , it just open FiDi and Back Bay be go to be open very shortly . and then second question on the club that be still , that have not be convert to HVLP 's core sort of urban club . what be the trend like there year - over - year ? have there be any relief ? it know there be a lot of pressure from studio , and it be just wonder if that be approve at all ? Daniel Gallagher those club in general , before it launch HVLP , it have more than a handful of club that , what it call , passport - only club . so it have club that when it look into the club before HVLP rollout , the membership that it offer there be predominantly a passport membership . and what it do at the club that it do not launch , for the most part it be still where it be before . it do not change the model . it do not change anything about HVLP . it leave those club at the price point pretty much it be at and the service that it provide . it think those club , it do not have separate statistic on those to give out , but it would say the trend that it be experience before HVLP conversion be probably somewhat similar . it would say that the PT trend be probably also well like it HVLP club be , but perhaps not as accelerated as it HVLP club . it next question be come from the line of John O'Neil with Imperial Capital . want to just talk obviously about the HVLP a little more and it have talk on how different club depend on the phase of the rollout have respond differently . Can it go back to kind of the first 70 club that it do in the back half of last year , which be kind of most in need ? it have talk on the prior conference call a quarter ago and how the metric still seem to be similar with what it have expect , 3x the signup and so forth . if it just look at that first wave of 70 club , have those metric change over the last three month when it talk about change metric , be it really that the club that it do this quarter be different than the one it do in the back half of last year ? Daniel Gallagher it think those club be still probably the well group of club by way of what it multiple be versus the prior year . but it think as it move forward , it be not go to be give different slice of guidance on different slice of it launch , because it be start to blend more together in the market that it be in , because some of these club be in same market that other club be in . but it be safe to say that these be club that have the low joint fee from the get go and the retained that low joint fee and it actually pretty much retain have a high sale multiple than the club that it just recently launch . it think that be probably the good color it can give it . it think it mention on the early call that the sale ratio it be see at that early group of club do come down a little bit , but it do not want to over exaggerate by how much that do come down , because January be always it big month , and it be probably hard to comp x time January for that very reason . so it do not want to make more of that than as possible , but the club with the low joint fee be generally have a high multiple be what it be see and the club that it just launch with the more significant joint fee be have low multiple . and nice cash generation in the quarter with the joint fee , so if it look at ebitda kind of add back the change in defer revenue , that be pretty solid . how should it think of cash build or burn over the next couple of quarter ? Carolyn Spatafora it be not go to be share forward - looking guidance on cash or on revenue , John , it be sorry about that . but it do have a healthy increase in it cash . it be at a $ 110 million at this point . and it be correct , a lot it sit in the deferred revenue account . it do collect $ 11.3 million of cash this year compare to last year about $ 2.9 million in the same quarter , so it do have $ 8.4 million increase . and then maybe could it just talk a little bit about now with the change in Board composition , what thing be it focus on ? be there financial issue what to do with the cash at the hold company , or be it more operational issue , what be the focus ? Daniel Gallagher it think it can answer that . it capital allocation issue -- or not issue , it policy be really unchanged from where it have be the last few quarter . there be nothing to announce about that . but it can say , it strategic initiative be very much focus on membership build , revenue generation , cost efficiency , but also improve the member experience . so it be more centered around those thing . and right now there be nothing to announce about capital allocation . excuse it , everyone , it do have one follow - up question come from the line of George Kelly with Craig - Hallum . just one quick follow - up . it mention a couple of time that it attention with CapEx be on refresh the club and just wonder if it feel like it be behind ? the thing that it be do do not sound like any major over host . just wonder if it be behind in kind of maintenance CapEx ? Daniel Gallagher no , it do not feel like it be behind . it be actually spend , it want to say very , very similar amount to what it have do in the past , but it think what it be do , it be still put new cardio equipment in it club , it be go to be expand it UXF zone a little bit . it do think it be pilot some area regard it locker room , and how it can make a locker room refresh with left hour and equally important have a locker room close for less amount of time . it do not get into that detail on the club , but it be look at try to improve it locker room a little bit . and it do not think it be necessarily a delay in CapEx , but it an area of focus that it think it be hear from the member in the survey that it should be -- at some of it club it could be do better in it locker room , whether it would be sauna and the steam room , and that be an area of focus that it be have , but it be no additional capex . when it look at the part of maintenance CapEx this analyst call it , it be not spend anything more than that . it be actually try to get more efficient with how it be spend it money . 