on the call today , it will provide some comment on it company as well as it performance during 2017 and then it will turn the call over to Tim who will discuss some additional detail around it operation and Tom who will provide some more color on it fourth quarter financial result and walk through it initial guidance for 2018 . in term of the quarter , it be pleased with it progress during the fourth quarter which produce result largely in line with it internal expectation . in the fourth quarter , it drive improved net revenue performance both sequentially and year - over - year . look at it year - over - year performance , it same - store net revenue be up 1.8 % . adjusted ebitda of $ 409 million for the fourth quarter come in within it guidance and adjust EBITDA margin of 11.2 % be an improvement compare to it performance in the second and third quarter of the year . as it know , it have be optimize it portfolio through select divestiture of non - core asset to refine it portfolio to well market . at the same time , it have also be invest capital and resource in these core remain market to position it company for improved growth . during 2017 , it complete divestiture of 30 hospital , the last two of which close November 1 . so those 30 divestiture largely out of it portfolio during the fourth quarter , it be pleased to see improve same - store net revenue and EBITDA margin performance to close out 2017 . as such , it believe it portfolio be well position with strong momentum head in 2018 and it see a number of opportunity to drive even well performance in 2018 . before it comment on 2018 , it would first like to highlight a number of achievement in 2017 . first , improve the quality and safety of care for it patient and community remain a key component of it strategy . it remain committed through both investment and resource to deliver the high level of care to it patient throughout it continuum of care within the healthcare system . one quality metric that it track be Serious Safety Event Rates , or SSER , the most recent measure of it serious safety rate , show an overall 81 % reduction from the baseline set in 2013 for it legacy hospital and a 57 % reduction since the baseline set in 2015 for HMA hospital . it be pleased with the progress in what it say about it organization , wide commitment to patient safety . it be also worth note that it see a decrease in hospital - acquire condition and hospital - acquire infection . second , it execute on a number of strategic initiative across multiple front that have strengthen the foundation of it company for improved growth . it will mention just a couple of these and Tim will provide additional detail on those later in the call . during 2017 , it reinforce it competitive position in it core market . it enhance it connectiveness with patient and it make investment to improve it operational efficiency . a few example of these include the opening of a number of access point in 2017 with a healthy pipeline for 2018 and 2019 to strengthen it core market ; the build - out of it proprietary transfer center here in Franklin ; the planning and subsequent launch of it ACO program in early 2018 ; implementation of centralized and online scheduling across it physician practice ; and other enhanced capability to connect patient across it continuum of care and the leveraging of it datum analytic technology across the organization . it believe all these initiative as well as a number of other position it company for improve performance during 2018 . third , it continue to make progress on it portfolio optimization effort . during 2017 , it close on 30 hospital divestiture . these 30 hospital have below corporate average volume and payer rate growth , mid - single - digit EBITDA margin , and be a drag on it cash flow . these divestiture be execute at attractive multiple allow it to pay down it debt during 2017 . the divestiture of these asset allow it to shift more of it resource to hospital and network with strong market position , high growth potential and well profitability . and while it be get close to where it would like to be as it relate to the number of hospital it operate , it be currently work on additional divestiture . as it look at 2018 , it expect to close hospital divestiture by the end of 2018 that account for approximately $ 2 billion in net revenue in the full year of 2017 and mid - single - digit EBITDA margin . in 2018 , it expect these divestiture to generate approximately $ 1.3 billion of gross proceed which do not include the retention in net working capital . it expect the proceed from these divestiture to be use for incremental debt pay down . and on slide 15 and 16 , it highlight the benefit of remove these hospital out of it portfolio . during the fourth quarter of 2017 , if these divestiture be remove from the result , it adjusted admission be improve 30 basis point and it EBITDA margin improve 60 basis point high . beyond the $ 2 billion of divestiture it have just mention , it will continue to work to optimize and strengthen it portfolio . now , it would like to talk about it full year 2018 guidance , and Tom will provide more detail in a minute . it 2018 guidance include net operating revenue adjust for expect divesture timing be anticipate to be $ 13.6 billion to $ 13.9 billion . adjusted EBITDA be anticipate to be $ 1.55 billion to $ 1.65 billion . it be pleased with it progress in the fourth quarter and expect to carry that momentum through 2018 as it execute strategy that it believe will strengthen it core business and drive improve result . it will now turn the call over to Tim for additional comment . Tim L. Hingtgen - Community Health Systems , Inc.  it , Wayne . overall , it have a good fourth quarter . it drive better same - store net revenue growth and convert a high percentage of that revenue to EBITDA during the fourth quarter than the prior two quarter . and it be enter 2018 with improve momentum across the business and a strong portfolio of hospital and market . as Wayne mention , it make a number of strategic investment in 2017 that should help to drive well growth in 2018 and beyond . during the middle of 2017 , it complete the build - out of it proprietary transfer center and access program here in Franklin , Tennessee , which have the infrastructure to be leverage across multiple hospital and market . as a reminder , this be a program that it centralize and in - source to help to better manage the inbound referral to it hospital and it emergency department from both it affiliated and non - affiliated hospital in a particular region . to - date , it have deploy this model in select regional network that include 25 of it hospital , and it will substantially increase the count with it schedule to market implementation through the balance of 2018 . while this in - house service have be in operation for a relatively short amount of time , it be experience the benefit it expect . first , it be able to safely and promptly transfer patient to the most appropriate care set . it be also see increase admission in most market include in the launch , particularly in service line such as critical care , GI , cardiovascular and neuroscience . in general , it be experience well patient retention within it healthcare system and increase referral from non - chs hospital . the program be also provide great transparency into the daily operation of it emergency department , bed management , and case management function , which have result in some refinement of internal process to improve throughput at the hospital level . and it now have real - time datum that show where it can accelerate strategic service line development to support patient care need and to appropriately retain even more patient within it healthcare system . it have also be leverage the lesson learn from it initial deployment and have create and share playbook with other hospital leader ahead of it schedule deployment of it in - house transfer center model so that it can begin identify operational and growth opportunity in advance . all in all , it be see solid result and expect to see further improvement go forward . another priority strategy that it have broadly launch be it Accountable Care Organization initiative , or aco , which just commence on January 1 follow month of detailed planning and development in 2017 . nearly every chs - affiliate hospital be enrol in one of these 15 newly create aco , and it be now partner with more than 4,000 employ and independent physician in this coordinate population health model . of note , two - third of these provider be independent provider within it market . through these aco , it be focus on care for more than 260,000 attribute Medicare fee - for - service patient . in addition to advance quality and outcome for this particular Medicare population , it be commit to strong alignment with both employ and independent physician for all of it patient . it believe this strategy will provide multiple benefit , include the ability to further advance value - base care and population health management with other payer into the future . along with these initiative , it have continue to invest in access point and other outpatient capability to ensure it be strategically advance it market development across the broad continuum of care . during the fourth quarter , it open two new freestanding ed or fsed , one in Las Cruces , New Mexico , the first fsed to open in that state , and the other in Clarksville , Tennessee . in the first half of 2018 , it be open an fsed in Petersburg , Virginia as well as it second FSED location in the Tucson market . it have also be focus on the addition of new urgent and walk - in care center across it market . in 2017 it expand these immediate care location by approximately 20 % , and it have a very robust access point development plan to open additional fsed , urgent and walk - in care clinic , asc , and imaging center through 2018 and 2019 . it would also like to comment on it corporate divisional operation structure and other expense management opportunity . throughout 2017 , as it divest certain asset , it have also work to incrementally reorganize it corporate team and to lower corporate overhead while maintain a high level of support and resource for it local market . in early 2018 , it eliminate an operating division at it headquarters and at the same time create two new regional leadership role . so it now have two division team at the corporate office and regional president in six key market . it may recall that last year it establish new regional leadership role for tenure , experienced hospital and market ceo . these be for it operation in Tucson , Arizona ; the lutheran market in Fort Wayne , Indiana ; it Alabama market ; and Merit Health in Mississippi . it have now add it Bayfront hospital in Florida and it Tennova hospital in Tennessee to this model , which it believe be work well and can help accelerate progress move forward . regional president directly avail it of it corporate resource and support department , so it be not duplicate corporate service in each of these region . the regional president be base in it market and have a broad responsibility to drive forward key strategy and to build deep relationship in it community . the regional president report directly to it . and together , it remain focused on deliver it hospital leader heighten responsiveness and support , which will invariably lead to strong market competitiveness . in term of cost management , it continue to focus on improve efficiency across all three of it primary expense line . for SWB , it have demonstrate improvement , but continue to see opportunity by utilize it labor analytic tool . on the supply expense front , while it have perform well on the drug side , it expect to drive saving in other category by leverage recent datum enhancement and by implement a more coordinated supply formulary approach to utilize this datum . and on the other expense line , it be work on a number of strategy to lower this cost , include the potential to in - source certain hospital - base service from an outsource model . so in summary , it see well performance during the fourth quarter . it be encourage by the potential it still see move forward , and it expect to build upon recent achievement as it drive additional improvement throughout 2018 and enhance it organizational effectiveness . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. before it discuss the specific of the quarter , it would like to first talk about two non - cash accounting adjustment record during the fourth quarter . as mention in it earning release , during the three month end December 31 , 2017 , it record a non - cash impairment charge of $ 1.76 billion for the impairment of goodwill and other long - live asset . this include a write - down of $ 1.42 billion to goodwill for the company 's hospital reporting unit , primarily due to the decline of market capitalization and fair value of long - term debt as well as low than expect earning performance . it also record a non - cash impairment charge of $ 341 million to reduce the value of long - live asset in hospital sell or identify for sale at certain non - perform hospital . these impairment charge be exclude from it calculation of adjusted EBITDA and do not impact it financial covenant calculation . also mention in it earning release , it adopt the new revenue recognition accounting standard on January 1 , 2018 , as require by generally accept accounting principle . this new standard impact it revenue and receivables estimate by move to a model that recognize revenue , only to the point that it be probable but a significant reversal in the amount of revenue will not occur and require that revenue recognize be disaggregate into category that depict how the nature , amount of timing , and uncertainty in revenue and cash flow be impact by economic factor . in anticipation of adopt the new standard , during the three month end December 31 , 2017 , it complete an extensive analysis of it patient revenue and receivable transaction . it develop and test new programming that enable it to extract and disaggregate datum in accordance with the standard and finalize new accounting process and methodology . this analysis result in a change in estimate it record in the fourth quarter to increase contractual allowance by approximately $ 197 million and the provision for bad debt by approximately $ 394 million for a total of $ 591 million . base on it modeling of this new method against recent prior year and compare result with the 2017 impact , the method do not materially impact those recent prior year . and it do not expect the application of these new accounting process or the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard to impact it go - forward net revenue , EBITDA , earning or cash flow run rate . also this change in estimate be exclude from it calculation of adjust EBITDA and exclude from it calculation of financial covenant and it credit facility . back to it fourth quarter performance . first , same - store net revenue increase approximately 1.8 % , which be slightly ahead of it internal forecast . during the fourth quarter , it drive an improved adjusted admission and net revenue per adjust admission growth . overall , adjusted ebitda of $ 409 million be within it imply guidance range . on the expense front , it make sequential same - store progress across salary , wage and benefit and it other operate expense line . and it see continued recovery in hospital impact by the hurricane in the third quarter . move to the result of the fourth quarter on a quarter - over - quarter basis , as a reminder , calculation discuss on this call exclude item it have note earlier . on a same - store basis , for the quarter , it note the following . on a comparative fourth quarter of 2016 versus 2017 basis , net revenue increase 1.8 % . this be comprise of a 2.7 % increase in net revenue per adjusted admission and a 0.9 % decrease in adjusted admission . it inpatient admission decline 1.7 % . an increase in observation day and low child delivery drive the majority of the decline . it ER visit be up 1.4 % . it surgery decrease 0.9 % . it net outpatient revenue before the provision for bad debt be 57 % of it revenue . consolidated revenue payer mix for the fourth quarter of 2017 compare to fourth quarter of 2016 show manage care and other , which include Medicare Advantage , increase 120 basis point ; Medicare fee - for - service decrease 190 basis point ; Medicaid decrease 40 basis point ; and self - pay increase 110 basis point . consolidated revenue payer mix on a full - year basis show manage care and other increase 80 basis point ; Medicare fee - for - service decrease 130 basis point ; Medicaid increase 20 basis point ; self - pay increase 30 basis point . in term of Medicaid supplemental program such as DSH , LIP , UPL , Texas Supplemental , et cetera , since 2015 , it have experience reimbursement reduction of over $ 100 million . however , as it think about the outlook for 2018 , it expect the reimbursement environment to be more stable . for the full year , the sum of consolidated charity care , self - pay discount , and bad debt expense for the three - month comparative period have increase from 26.5 % to 30.4 % of adjust net revenue , a 390 basis point increase . during the same period , same - store increase 130 basis point to 30.4 % . it bad debt expense as a percent of net revenue before bad debt be high during the fourth quarter of 2017 compare to the first three quarter of the year . for the full year , the sum of consolidated charity care , self - pay discount , and bad debt expense increase from 26.2 % to 29.6 % of adjust net revenue , a 340 basis point increase . the year - over - year increase for the quarter and for the full year be drive by high self - pay discount as a percentage of total revenue . for the full year , same - store increase 160 basis point to 30.7 % . for the same - store expense item , it salary and benefit as a percentage of net operating revenue for the same - store have decrease approximately 20 basis point . the decrease be drive primarily by improve FTE management . supply expense as a percent of net operating revenue for it same - store increase 70 basis point , drive primarily by high implant cost . other operating expense as a percent of net operating revenue for it same - store increase 230 basis point . increase in fourth quarter of 2017 versus fourth quarter of 2016 be drive primarily by high medical specialist fee , purchase service , taxis , and insurance . on a same - store basis , sequentially versus the third quarter of 2017 , it drive improve expense as a percent of net revenue by two operate expense line . salary , wage and benefit decrease 110 basis point , and it deliver 50 basis point improvement on it other operate expense line . switch to cash flow , it cash flow provide by operation be $ 156 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 . for full year 2017 , it report cash flow from operation be $ 773 million . this compare to fourth quarter 2016 cash flow from operation of $ 327 million and full year 2016 cash flow from operation of $ 1.137 billion . in term of the year - over - year decrease , during 2017 , there be a few item worth note versus the prior year . Divestitures , work capital change , and other decrease reduce cash flow by approximately $ 140 million ; the timing of payment for payroll negatively impact cash flow by approximately $ 70 million ; retirement benefit plan payment for retiree and for payment to employee at divested hospital be an approximately $ 70 million of reduction . the decrease in cash receive from HITECH be roughly an $ 80 million reduction . during the fourth quarter of 2017 , it experience $ 37 million reduction to it cash flow from operation relate to retirement benefit plan payment for retiree and employee at divested hospital . it expect these retirement benefit payment to be low for 2018 . turn to CapEx , it CapEx for the fourth quarter of 2017 be $ 136 million or 3.7 % of net revenue , while it full year 2017 CapEx be $ 564 million or 3.5 % of net revenue . during full year 2016 , it CapEx be $ 774 million or 4.0 % of net revenue . when compare net year - to - date capex to previous year amount , 2017 CapEx be low due to limited replacement hospital spending and more targeted CapEx focus on it high return core hospital . it be also allocate a high percentage of CapEx towards additional access point as well as service line build - out in it cardiology , orthopedic , and other high - acuity area . look at CapEx spend in 2018 , it expect these trend to continue . move to the balance sheet , it net debt have improve by $ 1.66 billion during the year . at the end of the fourth quarter , it have approximately $ 13.9 billion of long - term debt , which be down from $ 14.8 billion of long - term debt at the start of the year . it current maturity of long - term debt at the end of the year be $ 33 million versus $ 455 million at the end of 2016 . and at the end of the fourth quarter , it have approximately $ 560 million of cash on hand on the balance sheet compare to roughly $ 240 million at the end of 2016 . it have no outstanding balance on it revolver at December 31 , 2017 . as it relate to it pende HMA legal matter , there have be no material change for several quarter . it continue to revalue the estimate liability cover by the cvr on a quarterly basis . it current estimate include probable legal fee , continue to reflect that there will be no payment to the CVR holder . as part of it comprehensive approach to it capital structure , on February 26 , 2018 , it credit facility be amend with requisite revolve lender approval to remove the ebitda to interest expense ratio financial covenant , to replace the senior secure net debt to EBITDA ratio financial covenant with a first - lien net debt to EBITDA financial ratio covenant , and to reduce the extended revolving credit commitment to $ 650 million . the new financial covenant provide for a maximum first - lien net debt to EBITDA ratio of 5.25-to-1 , reduce to 5.0-to-1 on July 1 , 2018 ; 4.75-to-1 on January 1 , 2019 ; 4.5-to-1 on January 1 , 2020 ; and 4.25-to-1 on July 1 , 2020 . in addition , it agree , pursuant to the amendment , to modify it ability to retain asset sale proceed and instead to apply it to prepayment of term loan base on pro forma first - lien leverage . so , overall , with this amendment , it replace it covenant and it have reduce it revolver . it will now walk to it 2018 guidance . for 2018 , it full year guidance include the following . first , it guidance assume the divesture of hospital that account for approximately $ 2 billion of net revenue in 2017 with mid - single - digit EBITDA margin . it expect these divestiture to close in 2018 and contribute revenue of approximately $ 1 billion to it 2018 result . so it want to reiterate the divestiture be in it guidance because – anticipate divestiture because all Street model do not appear to contemplate divestiture . same - store adjust admission growth be anticipate to be down 0.5 % to up 0.5 % . for 2018 , net operating revenue less provision for doubtful account be anticipate to be $ 13.6 billion to $ 13.9 billion after adjust for the timing of the expect divestiture . adjusted EBITDA be anticipate to be $ 1.55 billion to $ 1.65 billion . cash flow from operation be forecast at $ 700 million to $ 800 million . in term of taxis , the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act be sign in December and go into effect in 2018 , result in a decrease in corporate tax rate from 35 % to 21 % as well as change to interest deductibility in the expensing of CapEx . at the end of 2017 , it have a gross federal net operating loss carry - forward of approximately $ 610 million . due to it NOL , it do not expect to be a federal cash taxpayer in 2018 . CapEx be expect to be at $ 475 million to $ 575 million . it expect HITECH incentive to be close to zero compare to $ 28 million in 2017 . income from continue operation per share dilute be anticipate to be a negative $ 1.50 to $ 1.10 base on weighted average diluted share outstanding of 113 million to 114 million . it will turn it back to Wayne . Wayne T. Smith - Community Health Systems , Inc.  , Tom . at this point , Denise , it be ready to open it up for question . it will limit everyone to one question , so several of it will have the time on the call . but as always , it be available to talk to it . it can reach it at area code 615 - 465 - 7000 . question - and - answer session it first question come from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse . it line be open . A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC hi , everybody , and  for the extensive comment there . it be go to ask Tom about a couple non - operate thing it be say here , two part , it guess , to this question there . in term of what it be do with the bank , it describe it as replace the covenant and downsize the credit line and it guess get at flexibility on the asset sale proceed . obviously , there be be a lot of focus on it 2019 and 2020 maturity . be this a step stone to what it be try to do there ? do it relate to that in any way ? and then second on that , can it give it any sense of how much relief , at least relative maybe to it 2018 outlook , the change in covenant give it ? how much cushion be it run with at this point ? and then it be all scratch it head , it think , a little bit on these change . what it do with contractual allowance and bad debt seem very similar to what one of it peer do , but still the number be so big . it be try to understand . do that call into question the quality of operate income over the last few year , and do it not have some implication for go forward in the way it report bad debt and revenue and so forth ? Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. all right .  , A.J. Wayne T. Smith - Community Health Systems , Inc. hey , A.J. , that be a unique way to get in three question . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. all right , so let it start on this . so first of all , it have be message that it near maturity be November of 2019 and that it intend to proactively manage those , so those do not become current in November of 2018 . so this amendment , A.J. , it think it be fair to say that be a first step for it . it do give it additional cushion than it otherwise would have have under the covenant . it be currently – under that calculation , it be about 4.04-to-1 on first - lien . and so it like where that place it , and like it say , a good first step for it . the second part of it question on the accounting adjustment , so that be go from really GAAP that it be follow with respect to it receivables , which be prepare it good estimate of where it be go to be come in on the value of receivables , to a new standard that basically indicate that it do not recognize revenue unless it be pretty assure the amount it be recognize will not reverse . so it be very much different . it be not necessarily a net realizable value . it be a – it do not recognize the revenue . so when it compare the size of the adjustment , it be go to depend on how filer would have historically set it reserve . it have have high day . it keep it self - pay on it book . internally , it pursue those and go after those for collection . so move to this new method , it be a more conservative method . it have to anticipate with the new standard , it feel thing that may impact the collectability and make sure that the amount it set up be more conservative . so that include for – if it take a look at third - party payment , anticipate denial use it history on the transaction to anticipate denial from third - party payer , any audits that may come out from third - party payer and also it self - pay . so it do run the model backwards , as it mention , and to several prior year to see the impact of that . and if it think about go from a standard where it be maybe less conservative to one that be more conservative , really when it look at it , it do not have an impact . and if it think about it , it probably have an impact when the size of it balance sheet be grow through acquisition and potentially receivable that come on board from a large acquisition . it have have a couple of very large one . so it have be pretty steady . it be down to 127 hospital from nearly 200 . it balance sheet have be shrink . and so run this model backwards , it clearly do not see any material change in it run rate . and it do not expect – because of that , it do not expect any impact on it future ebitda , cash flow , or operation from the new standard . it next question come from Chris Rigg from Deutsche Bank . it line be open . Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc.  it . just a follow - up on those last comment here just to make sure it be get the math correct . so , on a prospective basis , the operating revenue that it would recognize would be less , but so would the bad debt , so it kind of end up in the same spot , if it be say that correctly . and then with regard to the receivables reduction , be it it opinion that the collectability , the $ 591 million be unchanged because of the accounting change or do it think that $ 591 million be actually go to be less as those receivables run out over the long term ?  . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. well , whatever it be go to recover on it receivables be unchanged by the accounting . that be merely how it report it financially . and it think it go through , it have a method that historically it be book exactly to what it historical experience have be and what the new standard . it feel that that be require a more conservative amount that it set those on it book . and so , that be the adjustment . and it think the point it be make when it reset it balance sheet for this new standard in prior year and what it anticipate down the road , it be go to be adjust consistently and that be why there be not – it do not see it historically and it do not expect it go forward , any impact on the run rate . it next question come from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies . it line be open . Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC hey . this be Jason Plagman on for Brian . so on the expense side , it mention the opportunity to bring down the medical specialist fee . so what be the key component of that opportunity ? be it reduce coverage ? be it improve productivity somehow , or be it reduce subsidy ? what be the move part that will help it better manage that expense in 2018 ? Wayne T. Smith - Community Health Systems , Inc. so the first issue be that whatever it do will not in any way adversely affect the quality in it delivery of care . so , that be the first thing . and it have a number of initiative , but it will let Tim kind of talk about that . Tim L. Hingtgen - Community Health Systems , Inc.  , Wayne , and  , Jason , for the question . it have be very focused on a by - market review of the coverage , as it suggest , to make certain that it have the appropriate mix of provider and hour of coverage commensurate with the cost of the program and the volume of those program . so as it have say on previous call , there be – it do take some time to adjust those contract due to normal out clause 90 , 120 day in some case . so those be underway . the other thing as it mention in it comment that it be focus on be in some case where it can not get what it believe be a fair price from a contract partner in the hospitalist service , ED group , whatever the case may be , it have start look at in - source those model . it actually have a couple of market where it be bring the program in - house with the support of the physician in those market , augment it physician practice service support here at corporate to make sure that it can do a good job on billing , collection and some management support of those service as well . and it next question come from Ralph Giacobbe from Citi . it line be open . Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc.  ,  . sorry to beat up the bad debt , but it just want to make sure it be square away on this . so over what period of time it guess be it ? Can it tell it what be there for 2017 ? anything around sort of it be from recently acquire versus legacy ? and then it want to understand the MCO denial . that be , it think , almost $ 200 million of the true - up . it understanding be that typically go into a bucket that either get clear through sort of future rate negotiation or litigation ultimately . so can it just help it on sort of the process of that and how that change sort of with the new accounting policy ?  . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. so , Ralph , on the contractual adjustment , there be a component of that that relate to reimbursement that it have receive or be expect to receive from mostly Medicare and Medicaid cost report and relate . it be about less – it be a little less than 10 % of the total . so then the rest would be for receivables . and so historically – and this – again , this could vary by filer , but historically it have look at those . it have successfully defend it with denial . and under the standard , it just have to anticipate what the future denial activity be go to be from payer and how it think it be go to outcome to a point where it do not think it estimate be go to be short . and so , that be a new component where would it proactively think about what future denial be go to come in as one example on that . it next question come from John Raskin with from Nephron Research . it line be open . Mary Shang - Nephron Research LLC  . this be Mary in for Josh . just in term of 2018 guidance , be it assume any margin improvement in the underlying core business or be it expect margin improvement primarily the result of divestiture in 2018 ? and then how should it think about the timing of margin improvement in the core business as it can see these divestiture ? Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. okay . so , on the margin improvement , it think it be go to have to work to improve margin . it have get – it think on utilization as it have call out with respect to labor and supply and so forth , on utilization it can control that . sometimes , it can not control the rate as much , so it will have some pressure on that . also , become a small company put pressure on it base cost as a percentage of net revenue . it do believe that it be get well with it service line focus and improve it acuity there which improve it rate , which will offset that . and ultimately , with it initiative that Tim talk about around growth , the transfer center , the aco , it service line initiative , that be what it be hope on in the long term , drive up volume and increase volume it be able to capture , just like it do in the fourth quarter , a good portion of that to the bottom line . Wayne T. Smith - Community Health Systems , Inc. Tim , do it want to add anything to that ? Tim L. Hingtgen - Community Health Systems , Inc. it be go to echo that it be focus on the net revenue conversion as it grow these volume , as the growth strategy take root in the market with very define strategic plan . it be keep a close eye on what it be generate in incremental revenue , make sure that it cost be manage appropriately to drive a disproportional amount of that into margin . it next question come from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners it line be open . Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC yeah .  .  . the question be about , can it give it some more color on the volume trend it see in the fourth quarter and what the underlie driver be around that ? and give that the fourth quarter have see severe flu and seasonality and all that , what give it confidence on it – it think the point of flat volume growth into 2018 ? Tim L. Hingtgen - Community Health Systems , Inc. sure . ana , this be Tim . it will take the first crack at it . as far as fourth quarter volume , as it say , it be pleased that it see some of the early work that it have do in the year in term of service line development , recruit the right doctor , the transfer center . all of those thing do show that it be drive it core book of business favorably . it see those indicator move up rather consistently throughout the quarter in many of it market . and as it say , it have some divestiture or potential divestiture . it be still focused on maintain and grow those market , but in a capital prudent fashion . so with it capital investment throughout 2017 , it have be keep a close eye on the return on capital , be it generate the volume in the fourth quarter that it expect , and overall it be pleased with the prognosis there . as far as any flu impact , it certainly take a look at that . it see ED visit accelerate in the latter part of December . however , it see a relatively concurrent drop in some of it elective ed case . it monitor that by same - day cancellation indicator that it have on a daily basis . so it think it be kind of offset , mean there be little , it guess , overall adjusted admission or earning from the flu in the fourth quarter . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. ana , it would just add , the – when it look at it 2017 versus 2016 volume , it have a leap day that happen to be a Monday which be it good day of the week in 2016 that it lose in 2017 . it also have the impact of hurricane in 2017 . and then this catch out the page 15 and 16 in it deck . it show the impact of divestiture , the 2018 divestiture that it expect to pull those out and improve all of it volume trend which be consistent with what it see with it divestiture in 2017 . so those be a few opportunity for improvement there . it next question come from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs . it line be open . Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  , guy .  for the question . it guess it just want to understand a little bit better on the CapEx number . so as a percent of revenue budget for 2018 , it would imply some saving come from somewhere , especially kind of give the plan build - out that it be talk to , so if it could just give it a little more color on that . and as relatedly , it would like to understand what it kind of view be the right level of maintenance capex for the core portfolio . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. sure . good question . so it have be talk in 2017 about the impact that the divestiture have on that . early in 2017 , it have identify the 30 hospital it would be divest , and it make a decision to make the maintenance capital to keep thing run and the patient safe . but it do not make strategic capital expenditure on those 30 divest hospital . it let the buyer decide what – where it want to put that money . and so if it think about those , that would take it normal spend let it say around on an average run rate of 4 % , down to about 1.5 % or 1.9 % , depend on the hospital . so that be one factor that have it CapEx as a percentage of revenue lower in 2017 versus 2018 . the other factor be the fact that it do not have replacement hospital spend of any amount in 2017 , and it compare that to , it be probably be 50 to 60 basis point in prior year . so when it look at 2018 , it be go to have the benefit again of a divesture portfolio , $ 2 billion in revenue that be go to be come out . it be go to have the benefit of – it do not have replacement hospital spend in 2018 . and really , in both year , it also benefit from be it be invest , Tim mention , more in the outpatient setting . that be a little bit low cost of spend on outpatient than it would see with replacement hospital . it will call out that it do have replacement hospital commitment . it will be start very late in 2018 , 2019 , and 2020 . it next question come from Peter Costa with WF Securities . it line be open . hello , Peter Costa , it line be open . Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC hi , sorry about that . not to beat a dead horse , but it want go back to the provision conversation and the write - off there . if that do not impact 2017 performance , do it impact the revenue guide to 2018 ? be that the way it should think about that because it be money that it be not go to be collect go forward or would not have put into the provision go forward ? be that how it should think about that , and that be why the revenue guide be low other than just the divestiture ? Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. no , it do not impact it adjust run rate . and maybe the way to look at that , Peter , be have it adopt that in 2016 , it would have knock it carry receivables down in that year , and it would have it down again in this year , so it would not have the impact of that . that be where it be go to be in 2018 . it have be adjust on the balance sheet for the new standard . at the end of 2018 , it be go to be consistently present , just like it be consistently present it old method , and that be why it mention , it do run it backwards to see if it impact it run rate . and again , think about if it be go to a more conservative method where it get into impact on run rate or when it have significant growth or it have significant reduction in those amount . Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC okay . and then if it do not mind , just the restriction on not use it cash go forward for other thing besides pay down debt , how restrictive be that relative to it operation ? Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. it really flex with it first - lien leverage . so it go anywhere from be highly restrictive if it leverage get too high to – it open that up to give it up to 100 % ability if it keep it first - lien leverage down . net - net , it be a credit enhancement for the lender , but it do give it the opportunity with performance that it could retain high percentage . it next question come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . it line be open . Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch okay ,  . it want to better understand what it guy think the core EBITDA growth be at the company in this guidance in 2018 and what kind of same - store revenue growth it really need long term to show EBITDA growth or consistent margin stability or improvement . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. it have be – just at high level , it net revenue per adjust admission have be around 2 % for the last several year . if it go back earlier than that , it would have see it in the 5 % to 7 % . so in the 2 % , it be be a challenge to grow the margin . it call out recently with the fourth quarter it have have a service line initiative go for a good portion of 2017 . it have see high acuity across every one of it payer mix in the fourth quarter and a lot of those throughout 2017 , which it think be a good indicator that it be concentrate it service in these focus service line . and so it think that will give it lift . it have also see from the divestiture that the divest hospital be for the same reason that the strategic buyer want to buy it , that it have opportunity to plug it into it network and increase it rate . but in some market , like for example it Tomball Hospital in the Houston market , that be it only hospital in that market , it be not able to get the rate that the strategic hospital in that market could get . so just by eliminate with the divestiture in 2017 , it think it ability to get rate will improve . the remain hospital be better position . it think the same thing be go to play out with the 2018 divestiture . so it think it rate environment and , as it call out earlier , it lose $ 100 million the last two year in just supplemental payment . it do not see any of that on the horizon . so it do think it be a well rate environment for it . that should help it chip away on grow it revenue in excess of the expense and grow it core ebitda . and it last question come from Whit Mayo with Robert Baird . it line be open . Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. , Inc. hey .  . just two quick question . Tom , what will the other investment spend be this year ? and then on the supplemental funding , can it just remind it on Florida , Texas Medicaid LIP , et cetera , what the headwind and tailwind be this year ? it think it sort of characterize it as be more stable . be there any number that it can put around that , that 'd be helpful ? Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. okay . well , what be the first part of the question again ? Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. , Inc. on the cash flow statement , the increase in other investment spend . Thomas J. Aaron - Community Health Systems , Inc. okay . so let it get on the supplemental payment side . it mean most of the decrease there , it believe in probably 2016 , it have , it think , about $ 80 million just in Florida and Texas alone . it look at that . it be not as significant last year , but it be a headwind . and in 2018 , what it be look at so far , it be pretty stable . it mean the lip money in Florida be so low . it can not go much low . there be not much it can take there . and when it see what it have get in Texas , that look pretty stable . it do think there be some opportunity , there be some thing go on in certain state for Medicaid expansion which it think could be helpful to it and also Texas - like program in other state that it know be be consider that could give it a lift on that front . so it be , it would say , a very stable environment relative to what it have see with the new administration and all the other thing go on . on the cash flow statement , the other investment , if it be ask what those be , a lot of those be primarily on the defer it spend , so capitalized IT project . and there be a little bit in there for physician recruit where it recruit independent physician and it place it with an income guarantee . the big portion be capitalize IT cost , and that have be trend down in recent year , and it would see that trend continue . 