at the beginning of April , EVEP go through it spring credit facility redetermination process with it bank credit . it borrowing base under it credit facility be reduce to $ 450 million , which be anticipate give the decline in forward commodity price since it last redetermination in October of last year . to the benefit of EVEP , it be able to negotiate leverage in interest coverage covenant that provide a runway through the end of 2017 . in addition , the amendment provide for a basket of up to $ 35 million of balance sheet cash or available borrowing base capacity to repurchase it outstanding senior note which be trade at a significant discount to par . as previously announce , it use $ 30.1 million of this cash to repurchased $ 72.9 million of it outstanding senior note , which represent a price to par of 41.2 % . this leave it with under $ 5 million of cash with which to repurchase additional senior note . this authorized basket of cash for repurchase come with a few stipulation , one of which be that any distribution pay to unit holder for the remainder of 2016 would be subtract from the basket on a dollar - for - dollar basis . because of this , as well as it belief that it be important to preserve liquidity during these difficult time such as these , it have recently make the difficult decision to suspend it distribution . the Board and management feel the trade - off be fair when consider the amount of long - term value create for it unitholder after reduce it debt level by $ 42.8 million and decrease it annual interest payment by $ 4.8 million . include the senior note repurchase in the fourth quarter of last year , it have be able to repurchase a total of $ 146.9 million of senior note for $ 80 million , which generate a very attractive rate of return for unitholder . this reduce EVEP 's total debt by $ 66.8 million , which be equivalent to $ 1.34 per unit and annual interest rate expense drop by $ 9 million . as it have state many time before , the distribution be important to it and it team . the stipulation from the bank group that the trade - off between buy bond or make distribution this year be understandable and it make the good economic decision for EVEP . after 2016 , it objective be to reinstate and grow it distribution in the future base upon a sufficient industry rebound , bank covenant and it financial result . all - in - all earning this quarter be in line with guidance . production come in where it think it would but it do expect some natural decline throughout the year , which be already incorporate into the annual guidance it provide in February . it be concentrate on continual cost reduction accomplishment in each division and be very proud of it employee ' ongoing determination and idea to drop LOA . due to the senior note repurchase as well as the decision to suspend distribution , the annual cash on it balance sheet allow it to reduce debt and save on interest payment . finally , it be happy to announce it expect base upon current strip price to produce free cash flow after interest payment and capital expenditure for the remainder of 2016 and be in compliance with it bank covenant . now it will turn it over to Nick for an analysis of it financial result .  it John . for the first quarter , adjust EBITDAX be $ 20.2 million which be a 62 % decrease from the first and fourth quarter of 2015 . distributable cash flow for the quarter be negative $ 1.2 million . the decrease in adjust ebitdax and distributable cash flow which be describe in the press release under non - gaap measure be primarily attributable to lower realize commodity price , lower realize hedge gain and the sale of midstream asset in the second quarter of 2015 . the decrease be partially offset by the addition of produce property acquire on October 1 , 2015 . it partnership agreement require that management and it Board determine the estimate average maintenance CapEx at least an annual basis . for 2016 , that amount be $ 44 million or $ 11 million per quarter . it plan to actually spend significantly less than that amount this year and midpoint of it production guidance for the year imply that there will be a modest decline in production . therefore , while distributable cash flow for the quarter be negative , actual cash flow that be adjust ebitdax less cash interest expense and actual CapEx be slightly positive . for the first quarter , production be 12.8 BCF of natural gas , 317,000 barrel of crude oil and 602,000 barrel of ngl or 201.4 mmcfe per day . this represent a 17 % increase over the first quarter of 2015 and a 4 % decrease from the fourth quarter of 2015 . the increase over the first quarter of 2015 be due to the addition of produce property acquire on October 1 , 2015 . the decrease from the fourth quarter of 2015 be primarily due to the reduction in drilling activity . it first quarter net loss be $ 29 million or negative $ 0.58 per basic and diluted weighted average limited partner unit outstanding . several item to note that be include in the net loss be $ 10 million of non - cash gain on commodity and interest rate derivative , a $ 3.2 million gain on the settlement of a contract associate with one of it Utica JV partner . last quarter , if it remember , it recognize a $ 1.2 million loss with it other partner . so the net effect be a $ 2 million gain over the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter 2016 . $ 1.6 million of non - cash compensation relate cost contain in G&A expense , $ 700,000 of impairment charge primarily relate to the write - down of certain oil and natural gas property due to a change in the development plan for acreage in the utica shale and $ 100,000 of dryhole and exploration expense . it have layer in additional commodity hedge since it last earning call . for 2016 , it add 14 million a day in natural gas swap for May through December and an incremental 3,000 barrel a day of crude swap for May through September . for 2017 , it add 30 million a day in natural gas swap for the full year and 30 million a day in natural gas collar for the full year with a floor of $ 2.75 and ceiling of $ 3.27 . this effectively hedge out all of it natural gas production for the remainder of 2016 and all of 2017 that be permit under it credit facility . the detail of all of it hedge position be provide in the press release . finally it currently have over $ 170 million of liquidity between balance sheet cash and available borrowing base capacity . it believe that amount be sufficient to meet all of it near - term capital need . as John mention , it borrowing base be $ 450 million . it currently have $ 285 million draw . now it will turn it over to Mike Mercer for a review of it operation .  it Nick and  . today it will discuss it capital expenditure program , it cost reduction effort and the estimate tax effect for unitholder of it recent senior note repurchase . it spend $ 8 million in capital during the first quarter and the midpoint of it guidance for all of 2016 be $ 14 million . as it mention last quarter , it anticipate it capital spend for 2016 to be front end load to the completion of nine well in the Barnett shale , which have be previously drill in 2015 as well as the fact that it have basically discontinue further drilling in the current price environment . all nine of those well in the Barnett have be complete and have recently begin produce . it would remind everyone that it have an approximate 31 % interest in the Barnett shale asset . so it net interest be equivalent to about 2.8 well . result meet it expectation come in at just under budget at an average of 3.4 million per well would expect an initial production rate of approximately 3.5 million cubic foot per day per well . the spacing on these well be 400 to 500 foot with horizontal of 5,000 to 5,500 foot . now it would like to note that these well and it production be account for in the guidance it provide in February . on the cost side , it asset team continue to work hard to find opportunity to reduce cost . it focus have be on compressor optimization , chemical and salt water disposal saving , work over program , labor cost reduction and the management of area with marginal well . it will continue to focus on these area as the year progress . before it jump into the tax discussion , please remember it be not tax professional and it should consult it own tax advisor regard it particular tax situation . what it would like to do be touch on the topic of cancellation of debt income or codi where it receive a number of recent question base on it recent repurchase of senior note at a discount to par . codi be basically the difference between the price it pay to repurchase debt at a discount and the price at which the debt be issue . since it be a partnership and each of it unitholder be limited partner , this income will be include in a 2016 k-1s . the senior note repurchase already complete this year will generate approximately $ 0.86 per unit of taxable income to those unitholder who hold unit during the month of April when the repurchase occur . it would like to note that that be $ 0.86 per unit of taxable income , not of tax liability . however it would expect most unit holder , depend on when it purchase unit to have some offset to this from ordinary loss from operation generate for this year . however , it would like to note that each unitholder do have a unique cost basis in depletion amount for the calculation of it specific ordinary income or loss each year . it will now turn it back over to the operator to open the line for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] .  it . it first question come from Kevin Smith from Raymond James . hi .  gentleman .  Kevin . it appreciate all the overview . it do not have that many question . but be there a time or maybe a price that it would consider asset sale again ? be there anything that it be look for ? or be the main solution just go to be increase in commodity price and free cash flow to improve the balance sheet ? well , it do not need to do asset sale for sure right now . there could be some opportunity that come up where it may want to participate , particularly in situation where EVEP be partner with some of the institutional partnership and it be sell . that would be something that it would value . it never have the obligation to sell when the institutional partnership be sell . so it do not have anything on tap right now , Kevin , but it would look at it . the situation , as it be very aware , be not a great environment in which to divest . in many way , it believe that it be see a turnaround in particularly oil and NGL price and obviously natural gas have it own unique characteristic , but it just do not think that this be the great time to be a seller . it be a much well time to be a buyer and it be as a lot of time people think that it will reduce EV Energy Partners and it would point out that EnerVest continue to be 5 % to 7 % of the asset market or the big factor it buy $ 2 billion of property since September . so it be very aware of what be happen in the a&d market .  it . that be helpful . it guess the only follow - up question then be , as it look at 2017 's curve and where it guy be layer hedge at close to $ 3 , do that change the logic there as far as sell asset or just expect to continue the course as it be now ? Kevin , as John mention , it do not think that it have any plan right now to sell any significant amount of asset in it portfolio . if price move up and there be certain asset that just make sense from a strategic standpoint , it may consider it , but it do not really have any plan currently . yes . it think one of the consideration , Kevin , be that several of the company in it sector have to sell and it do not need to sell . and the issue here be in probably most instance people who be sell right now be sell below the borrowing base . and so that just create a debt spiral for some folk . and it be fortunate that it be not in that position and do not have it back against the wall . understandable . and then just lastly for it , do it think there be any further room to reduce operating cost or be it pretty much as low as it can go for at this point ? it be interesting that it be the large operating company in the United States . it operate 33,000 well in 15 site and it be add to that . as a result of it concentration in many area , it know that it be the low cost operator in place like the Barnett , for example . but it have effectively create a competition among it division and every week the division be come up with new idea and it be share it with each other in term of otherwise to reduce operating cost . and so it be a continual process . as it think it say in it remark , it be not that it just address the labor and it start ignore thing , it be do everything that it can think of in term of reduce operating cost and it be much hard to reduce LOE than it be drilling and completion cost because some of it be contractual . but it have be able to address and get low cost on it compression , gathering and processing . and that be hard to do . but when it be a major factor in the market , it can do some thing that small company can not do . understandable . the other thing , Kevin , be it have plan all this stuff out in it budget and it be still stick with it guidance number . okay .  it very much . and it next question come from Brian Brungardt from Stifel . Brian Brungardt  guy and  it for take it question here . Brian Brungardt John , it appreciate the color on Kevin 's early question with the commodity price , but it would be interested in how that play into the recent hedge that it have layer into subsequent to the quarter ? well , it will notice that it hedge primarily deal with natural gas and roughly 70 % of EVEP be natural gas by volume . and it be actually optimistic about gas if it can work down this . it be now 850 billion of overhang . it be one trillion of overhang from the warm winter in it history . but that be the thing that make it nervous this year and as it think all of it be aware the situation in Canada have impact gas also . the price of gas right now be $ 0.91 in Canada and it have have an increase in the last few week of gas come into the U.S. and it be really gas - on - gas competition . that make it nervous . it think that the price of gas right now be too high to work down the 850 billion cubic foot in storage . and so it be nervous about 2016 price . it hope it stay at $ 2 or above . but it be well hedge for that and it believe that only upturn that it get in gas price that it be able to lock in some very strong price for 2017 . so in the area that it feel most vulnerable as a company , it be well lock in . in the area where it be most optimistic , oil and natural gas , it have leave some room for the upside that it expect begin sometime later this year . Brian Brungardt certainly appreciate all the color there . then switch to the expense . just curious give the amount of cut it have enact to - date . how much do it anticipate it will be able to maintain as price begin to recover in 2017 or whenever that time period may be ? well , the oil service company be extremely good manager , well than that E&P manager in it opinion . and it experience in the past on upturn , the oil service company get price up very rapidly and therefore the price that it be see , particularly in drilling and completion , be unsustainable . it do believe that it will be able to hold the line on LOE much well than b&c. it own opinion and have live through several of these be while it spend all this time talk about it productivity increase in the heart of this reprise and it have occur on the rebound it may get a 20 % rebound , but after that it be go to see productivity decline . and so it think that the market 's miss that . it be go to reencounter 1986 in term of recovery . there be probably go to be a loss generation of folk in this . it waiter this past Sunday for Mother 's day be a Ph . D. in geophysic . it will probably look for a job back in it industry , but there be a lot of people that have be out of work and this be the most extreme that it have ever have . 340,000 people worldwide and it do not hear a peep out of Washington about the 150,000 plus in the U.S. that have loss it job . so the recovery in drilling and completion be go to be difficult . it be go to have an experience curve with new people . there be go to have to be a lot of training . and so the rebound be go to much slow than people expect in it opinion . Brian Brungardt interesting . and then just lastly go back to the transaction in October of last year , have it be pleased with those asset to - date ? and do it anticipate any payment due as part of the VPP agreement give the lack of capex spending this year ? it have be please with the asset . it do not have any , the way the VPP work be that it be pay out base on production and so at the end of December , it will end and then it will not have to pay that amount out . so it will recognize an extra 5 million a day in natural gas production and the revenue associate with it . Brian Brungardt got it .  it . it be not a VPP base on a dollar amount , it be just base on volume of production that end at the end of 2016 . Brian Brungardt it appreciate the clarity there .  it guy . that conclude today 's question - and - answer session . Mr. Walker , at this time , it will turn the conference back to it for any additional or closing remark . well ,  it Cynthia . and  it for all of it join it on the call . it do feel like that that there be some sunlight break through it industry and it do feel like that particularly on the oil and ngl side that it be go to have a rebound . it do not know when that be go to occur . it expectation be by the fourth quarter and that will probably psychologically , at least , help it on the natural gas side . so that be encouraging . the greatness here be , it be well prepared for the downturn from the standpoint of sell it gathering system and it processing and fractionation interest in Ohio . and that sure help it be in a position to thrive when the rebound do occur . 