yesterday it report solid second quarter result , include operating earning that be slightly well than the midpoint of it guidance , despite the impact of mild temperature on it distribution business . these result reflect strong operational performance and financial discipline across each of it business and it be proud of it entire team . in fact , it effort have now lead to eight straight quarter of meet or exceed the midpoint of the operate earning guidance it provide to investor . while Jim will provide more detail , it strong second quarter result primarily reflect the impact of new rate that go into effect early this year in eight of it utility and high transmission earning relate to it energize the future program . clearly , the groundwork and investment it be make in it regulated business over the last several year be pay off . now it will spend a few minute talk about it regulated business and provide an update on it effort to exit commodity - expose generation . then it will turn the call over to Jim for a more thorough review of it financial result . let it start with it transmission business . as it announce last quarter , in March , FERC accept the formula transmission rate for both JCP&L and it Mid - Atlantic Interstate Transmission subsidiary know as MAIT . these rate go into effect on June 1 and July 1 , respectively , subject to refund pende the outcome of the hearing and settlement procedure . with MAIT in place , it be plan more than $ 600 million in transmission project through 2018 that be design to enhance service reliability for it customer in the Penelec and Met - Ed service territory . this include more than 330 project to modernize or replace transmission line , incorporate new , smart technology into the grid , and outfit dozen of electric substation with new equipment , digital communication and enhanced security feature . in addition to the many small project , this effort include a $ 64 million upgrade to an exist 25-mile 230-kv line in it Penelec territory in north - central Pennsylvania and a $ 40 million rebuild of an exist 20 million ( sic ) 20-mile ( 4:31 ) , 115-kv transmission line in Bradford County , Pennsylvania . as it will recall , the majority of it initial investment in energize the Future be focus in ATSI , which cover it Ohio and part of it western Pennsylvania service territory . now it be pleased to expand these grid modernization and reliability investment to the east . turn to it distribution business . as it mention , quarter - over - quarter result improve due to new rate that go into effect in Ohio , New Jersey and Pennsylvania in January . these help to offset the impact of a very temperate spring , which include the mild April temperature it have ever record . in the industrial class , it experience it fourth consecutive quarter of load growth , drive largely by the shale gas , steel , coal mining and chemical industry . the mild weather it have experience across it system during the first half of the year have an $ 0.08 per share unfavorable impact versus the normal weather that be assume in it operate earning guidance . however , base on the trend it be see , it believe the full year load growth be likely to be slightly well than it initial forecast . if this play out , it expect the load improvement in the second half of 2017 to offset the impact of mild temperature in the first half of the year . it be optimistic about the trend it be see in it distribution business and please with the continued progress of it energize the future initiative . together , it believe these regulate growth strategy be position it company for sustained customer service - orient growth . it do not want to skip over the result for it competitive business . again , Jim will provide more detail , but it want to congratulate the team at Perry and Beaver Valley Unit 2 , which both have extremely successful refueling outage . both unit have 29-day outage and for Perry , it be the short in the plant 's history . it be pleased to see the strong operational performance from these important asset . stay with the competitive business , it will also note that FES achieve an uptick in direct retail sale this quarter , result from the acquisition of several new large commercial and industrial customer in Ohio . the addition of these new customer be in line with FES ' retail sale plan , which focus on conservatively hedge it expect generation , while manage potential cash collateral need . despite conservative operation , this remain a volatile business and it continue work to exit commodity - expose generation . so , let it switch gear and review it effort towards that objective . it have make a lot of progress since it announce it strategic review of this business back in November . from the beginning , it have be focus on seek solution that be in the good interest of all constituent , include shareholder , creditor , employee , customer , and the community where these plant be locate . first , it continue to make progress on it negotiation for the sale of gas and hydro asset own by Allegheny Energy Supply . as it will recall , it enter into an agreement for the sale in January . in June , FERC grant approval of the transaction . however , the term of the agreement have continue to evolve . the party be explore alternative structure in term of pricing and closing . base on current discussion and reflect the impact of prevail market condition , CES record a $ 0.19 per share non - cash impairment charge in the second quarter . it be target to close the transaction with revise term in the second half of the year . in West Virginia , it Mon Power utility be work through the regulatory process to complete the purchase of Allegheny Energy Supply 's 1,300-megawatt Pleasants plant . it respond to it recent FERC request for additional information , and it expect final approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission and FERC by early 2018 . when these two transaction be complete and it pay off all remain long - term debt at Allegheny Energy Supply , include make - whole payment , it expect to realize approximately $ 350 million in net proceed . let it turn now to a review of FES , where it also continue to make progress on other significant outstanding issue . in April , it discuss the settlement with CSX and BNSF on a coal transportation dispute . it remain engaged in settlement effort with BNSF and Norfolk Southern on a second coal transportation dispute . the arbitration panel have decline the railroad 's request to resolve certain issue before discovery and have set a trial date for June of 2018 . it remain optimistic that a settlement can be reach . in addition , FirstEnergy and FES each have a fully engage team of financial and legal adviser to ensure that both entity be well prepared , as FirstEnergy exit the commodity - expose generation business . and in a recent development , it be schedule to have discussion with FES creditor next week . finally , it be closely monitor the status of initiative at both the state and federal level . over the last few month , more than 6,500 Ohio community leader , citizen and business have voice it support of the Zero - Emission Nuclear resource program , or ZEN . as it discuss during it last call , legislation be introduce in the Ohio House and Senate in April , which would help keep nuclear asset as a part of Ohio 's generation mix . similar to program in New York and Illinois , the bill call for recognize the critical energy security and environmental attribute of nuclear power in Ohio . in addition to engage it community , it recently hold a virtual town hall to educate more than 100 legislator and key stakeholder on the potential benefit of this program , which would support Ohio job , economic growth and reliable and affordable generation , and environmental progress for many year to come . it will continue these effort once legislator return from summer recess . at the federal level , it be look forward to the release of the Department of Energy 's study that be initiate by the Trump administration and U.S. Energy Secretary , Rick Perry , in April . the study be expect to address economic and security risk associate with the premature closure of the nation 's fuel - secure base load generation as a result of regulation , subsidy and tax policy , as well as how well market be address the inherent benefit of exist fuel - secure base load asset . it be optimistic that the final DOE study will be release soon and could offer solution to address this national concern . and the FES board be closely follow this effort , which be expect to help it determine the right path forward for FES . for now , FES continue to have access to the unregulated money pool . as of June 30 , FES , it subsidiary , and FENOC have net borrowing of $ 174 million from the money pool , primarily reflect the satisfaction of the June 1 bond maturity , lease and interest payment , as well as the initial installment on the coal transportation settlement . it current expectation be that it will have no borrowing by March 2018 , even after fund capital expenditure and nuclear fuel . last night , it update full year 2017 GAAP earning estimate to $ 1.95 to $ 2.25 per share , primarily to reflect the additional asset impairment charge relate to the pende sale of the gas and hydro unit . it also reaffirm it operate earning guidance of $ 2.70 to $ 3 per share , and provide third and fourth quarter guidance range . again , it be pleased with it progress on both it regulate growth initiative and the significant progress it have make over a very short period to exit commodity - expose generation in a timely , yet thoughtful manner . now it will turn the call over to Jim . James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp.  , Chuck , and  , everyone . as Chuck say , it report solid second quarter result that be slightly well than the midpoint of it operate earning guidance , with another very strong quarter with respect to operational performance across the company . it GAAP result of $ 0.39 per share include an impairment charge of $ 0.19 per share relate to the current discussion with the buyer for the Allegheny Energy Supply asset sale , which Chuck discuss earlier . operate earning be $ 0.61 per share in the quarter . as it walk through each segment , it will remind it that detail information about the quarter can be find in the consolidated report to the financial community , which be post on it website . in it distribution business , new Ohio , New Jersey and Pennsylvania rate that go into effect in January raise second quarter earning by $ 0.20 per share . weather be extremely mild across it service area with heating degree day 30 % low than the same period of 2016 and 24 % below normal . this drive a 0.7 % decrease in total distribution delivery , with sale to residential customer decrease 4.6 % and commercial delivery down 1.5 % . it have now mark four consecutive quarter of growth in the industrial sector , and on a weather - adjust basis , total distribution delivery across all segment increase 1 % in the second quarter of 2017 compare to the second quarter of 2016 . it be hopeful that these positive trend will continue as the economy improve in it footprint . in it transmission business , second quarter earning benefit from high revenue result from it continue investment in the energize the future program . at corporate , it second quarter result also reflect high interest cost and impact of the effective income tax rate . turn to the competitive business , commodity margin continue to reflect the low capacity revenue relate to the weak price that go into effect last June , as well as the expect decrease in retail sale , which be down 2.2 million megawatt hour . this be partially offset by low depreciation expense relate to the asset impairment record last year . consistent with it expectation , the total retail customer count be now about 850,000 , which be down from 1.5 million a year ago . it be reaffirm 2017 adjust EBITDA of $ 405 million to $ 475 million for the competitive business and currently expect to come in at the high end of that range . it have also increase the 2018 adjust EBITDA range to $ 140 million to $ 260 million , from $ 130 million to $ 250 million , reflect additional committed contract sale . before it move to question , it want to add a note about how pleased it be with it $ 3 billion debt offering in June . this transaction eliminate a new near - term debt maturity by refinance FirstEnergy Corp. 's $ 650 million bond expire March of 2018 with the remainder reduce FirstEnergy Corp. 's revolver borrowing , result in strong corporate liquidity and reduce it exposure to rise interest rate . this be the large non - m&a debt deal in the history of the utility industry . frankly , it be overwhelm by investor interest . at one point , it understand the order book be over $ 15 billion . it  it for it interest and it support . again , it be pleased with the performance across it company and the strong result of the first half of the year . it be fully focused on meet it commitment to the investment community and execute it regulated growth strategy . now let it take it question . question - and - answer session at this time , it will be conduct a question - and - answer session . it first question come from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research . please proceed with it question . Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC yes ,  it .  . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC hi , Chuck . so , the interesting new wrinkle here be it first meeting with creditor at FES , which it think it say today , it have have no discussion . so , maybe it could give a little more color on why that meeting be happen now and who instigate it , and just why now , why not before , why not later ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , it can not provide a lot of color , but it think it can say this , Steve , that it think it always know that somewhere along the line , this engagement with creditor be go to happen . it think the color about why now be , it think it , number one , it think take the creditor to get organize around what it may want to approach with , and it FES team get a call from a group that , at least , preliminarily say it represent more than 80 % of the creditor , and it outline a formula for a potential discussion that be interesting enough that FES decide it be worth pursue . it will be engage in that discussion because , obviously , the creditor be interested in talk about what FirstEnergy may be willing to do to get this settle also . so , beyond that , it think it always know this be go to happen at some point in time . it think it be clearly the preferred route if it end up in a bankruptcy proceed with FES to do it through a structured settlement that all party be comfortable with . so , it need to – it just need to start those discussion and see it through to the end and see what come out of it . and beyond that , it think it be pretty clear , it be not go to negotiate with creditor in the public venue , so the type of thing it be talk about , it be go to morph and it will just have to communicate it at the end when it know the result . Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC okay . and then just on the DOE , do it have any update on timing of when it expect that ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , it be just down in Washington the last two day and it hear a joke and the joke that it hear be , when it – what do it call a federal study that be suppose to take 60 day that take 120 day ? and the answer be , early . so , it think it can tell it this , the people inside the Department of Energy be take this mission very seriously . it get ream of datum submit to it , ream of study submit to it . it be work through all that . it be confident that it be do it as diligently as possible . it think the Secretary 's assignment to do this within 60 day be very ambitious give the complexity of these issue . but have say that , it think it be probably get close to wrap it up , and it would expect – it expect something probably in the next couple week to come out of there . Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC okay . and then one last question , the utility net of parent guidance that it have give for the company , it know it go back , it think , to EEI for the next several – for several year . obviously , not refresh the whole thing , but just overall , be that still kind of the ballpark view for the utility net of parent , exclude it ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. yeah . it do not think that be change at all , Steve , from what it give it there . Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC okay .  it . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it next question come from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley . please proceed with it question . Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC hi ,  . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC just to follow up on Steve 's question with respect to the discussion with creditor , be this a process that it would – it guess , it be think about that in relationship to a potential chapter 11 filing . be that a dialogue it would like to sort of play out before it would consider a formal chapter 11 filing , or be it – how would the two sort of interplay with each other ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , as it say earlier , it think it always know that there would come a point in time where it would be have these discussion with creditor . it think it would be in everybody 's good interest if it can come up with a mutually agreeable way to deal with the issue that exist at FES . it be far too early to speculate as to whether it be go to be able to do that or not . but it can tell it this , the discussion it have with FES be intriguing enough that it be willing to sit down and talk about it and it just have to let it play out . Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC totally understand , okay . and then just on the DOE study , it think a lot of people feel that the most likely outcome there be for DOE to direct or request that FERC look at potential approach to reform the market to provide an arguable improvement in payment to base load generation . be that a – how valuable , it guess , from it perspective do it see that in term of it assessment of whether or not FES be insolvent ? in other word , that would really kick off probably a very long process with a very uncertain outcome . be that sufficient to sort of sway it take as to whether FES be insolvent , give that DOE it do not really likely have a direct authority to make these payment ? how do it feel about sort of the involvement of FERC in the process ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , let it clear up a couple of thing . May have leave an impression on the last call that it be wait on this in some fashion . it be move forward with everything that need to be do to exit the commodity - expose generation business in a prudent , thoughtful manner . and now , the next step in that process be engage with the FES creditor to see if there be a way to expedite that process and obviously if it can , that will probably be the most expeditious way to get out of that business . it continue to think , though , it be prudent for it to see what the DOE say and where it may go , and how serious of a problem it think this be . it mean – and it could range from it say the market be fine and everything be work great to – it have a very serious national security , fuel diversity , fuel security issue and it need to do something immediately . it do not know where it be go to come out and it be not go to speculate about how the FES board will react depend on what that be . so , that be the other point it want to make . the decision to move forward with FES , one of the thing it need to do be create that separation . it have an independent board and an independent group of officer that be now make the decision for FES . it be not make those decision anymore . and it will evaluate what come out of the DOE study , in the context of where it be at with this entire process to exit and it will be the one that decide . but it can be such a wide range , it be within a couple week . when it know what it know , then it think that be when it be in a position to comment about what it say and what it think the future may look like . Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC that be very clear .  it very much . it next question come from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates . please proceed with it question . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC  it . just to sort of follow up on the DOE , just – it have already see some effort on the part of FERC to sort of help out base load generation . clearly , there have be identification of it . it have have a technical conference . it be just wonder , what specifically do it envision , it guess , the DOE study do practically to sort of change the trajectory at FERC or to speed it up or what have it ? do it follow what it be say ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , maybe the good way to answer that is , it have spend a lot of time down in D.C. talk to everybody that will listen to it , so why do not it just tell it what it have be tell everybody . it have be tell everybody , it think it country be head for a disaster , okay ? the disaster could take a number of different form . one disaster could be a national security type of issue . it be take the most sophisticated bulk electric system that exist anywhere in this world and put it on top of a bulk gas system that be very unsophisticated and that set up security risk if there be ever an attack on that bulk gas system , it do not have the redundancy that the bulk electric system have . since the blackout in 2003 under NERC 's guidance , it have build extreme redundancy into how it operate that bulk electric system . none of that matter if the gas quit flow , and it be reduce the amount of fuel - secure base load generation it have to keep the light on in the event of that type of an event . second , it think it could be head for an economic disaster . it be get to where it be rely too much on one fuel source for the generation of electricity , and it think fuel diversity be critical to keep economic stability . with where gas be price now , if anything happen to cause that gas price to go up again and create a volatility in the gas market , the volatility in electric market be go to be so great that it do not think industry in it country be go to be able to tolerate it . so , there be an economic crisis that it be face . and when these asset close , it close forever . it do not get reopen . so , that be why the State of New York step in and say , it need to do something to take care of it asset . that be why the State of Illinois step in and say , it need to do something . Ohio be look at it , Connecticut be look at it , New Jersey be look at it , and it tell it , the federal government create this problem . it be up to the federal government to fix this problem . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC do it see the federal government take action in the near - enough term to change the trajectory of FES and the potential for file chapter 11 ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it just say earlier , it be not go to speculate on what it be go to say and what it be go to do . it think it be go to know that in the next few week and then it will answer all the question that it need to answer once it know what it be deal with . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it mean there be so many different thing that could happen and this be kind of the position that it have take it entire time in this job . it get a lot of speculatory question and it always say , listen , it will answer question once it know the fact . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC fair enough . and then just finally on the $ 131 million impairment , how should it think about those negotiation and what the ultimate impact financially may be with respect to this most – or this announce reduction – this write - off ? James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. yeah . this be Jim . the way it would look at it be , there be ongoing negotiation it be have and it think the adjustment to the purchase price really just reflect the market condition it be experience right now . so , that be the only way it would look at that , Paul . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC do it see that change at all , or it mean could that – in other word , if price rebound that would change , or it mean how should it – let it ask it this , when do it think negotiation will be complete ? James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. it think that it will probably be do by third quarter , early fourth quarter , maybe , by the end of this year . Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC okay ,  a lot . James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. yeah . it be not sure when it will close , but the discussion should be do by then . it next question come from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup . please proceed with it question . Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc.  so much . hi guy . and it want to , unfortunately , spend a little bit more time just on FES , just to understand , from a risk perspective , if ultimately it be look at it from an FE shareholder perspective , when do it think it would be able to box the risk around FES in term of the negotiation with creditor ? firstly , if it could give any range around what it think – what be at stake effectively , and then when do it think it will have clarity in term of provide certainty on how this process be go to play out ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , Praful , it say earlier , it be not go to negotiate with FES creditor in public . it have box already the risk that it think FES shareholder have to a bankruptcy – or FirstEnergy shareholder have to a bankruptcy of fes , and that have not change since the last quarter . that be obviously go to be a key ingredient in any negotiation with creditor . so , beyond that , it be – it be not go to negotiate with creditor publicly and – but it be go to approach those negotiation clearly with an eye towards the impact on FirstEnergy shareholder , both in the short and long term as it move to exit this business . Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. fair enough . and then just so it understand from a timing perspective on the ZEN , if this be all connected , right , in term of the ZEN and how that fit into FES and the negotiation , if the ZEN take time to play out , even though it be come , it may come next year , let it say . how do that then play in term of it negotiation , and do that extend the timing of how it think this – the actual process ( 33:10 ) play out ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. no , there be no connection in it mind . and if it sit down with creditor next week and strike an agreement in one meeting and file that agreement with a bankruptcy court , it be go to continue to fight for this ZEN legislation because it be the right thing to do for the State of Ohio , it be the right thing to do for those asset . it give those asset the good chance of run under new owner . it be not sure those asset will run unless there be something do either federally or by the State of Ohio to ensure that it get a different financial return model , and that be bad . so , it be go to continue to work on ZEN whether or not – irrespective of what happen with FES . do not even connect the two . Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. got it . so , if it strike a deal and then it get the ZEN later on , be there go to be like a value carve - out or some form of value that flow back to FE shareholder because otherwise that be significant value at that point from the ZEN , which should not all go to the creditor , it be assume ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it would think it be unlikely that it be go to deliver enough value to overcome the amount that be go to be owe to creditor in a bankruptcy . so , do not expect any of that to flow to FirstEnergy shareholder . Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. fair enough . all right .  it so much . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. but it be go to make these asset saleable by those creditor . it next question come from the line of Gregg Orrill of Barclays . please proceed with it question . Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital , Inc. yeah ,  it . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital , Inc. hey . two question . first , what be it think about in term of the prospect for ZENs in Pennsylvania ? and then around the load growth , be there any – could it talk a little bit about – a little more about the strength that it be see there and what give it confidence that that be go to kind of carry through the year ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , the prospect for ZEN in Pennsylvania , it do not even feel capable of comment on yet . the dialogue be early . it think it have get other legislative issue it be wrestle with there , but it view it the same way . it will continue to support that discussion irrespective of where it be at with the exit of fes , and even after the exit of FES , because it think it be the right thing to do . it think the market policy be not work and it – how can it rationalize in a country like the United States of America that in one part of this country , it be spend billion and billion of dollar to build new nuclear plant , and then in another part of this country it be close nuclear plant that be already build and have 20 year of useful life . these policy have fail and it need to be fix and if it be not go to get fix by the federal government , then it think the state will continue to step in and fix it . Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital , Inc. and on the load growth ? James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. hi , Gregg . what it see for the first half of this year be that – or the second quarter year - to - date be that on a weather - adjust basis , it residential be up about 1 % , and it commercial be just up slightly . it rate and economic team , it have take a look at that with customer growth and it view on the economy and it think the trend will continue in the second half with residential and commercial continue the trend upward . from an industrial side , it have have the increase associate with petroleum and shale gas . it be see some negative result in the automotive sector , but at this point , it think , it be cautiously optimistic that it be go to see some continue trend upward on residential and commercial . and industrial , it think , will stay fairly strong with the exception of the auto industry . Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital , Inc. okay .  it very much . it next question come from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank . please proceed with it question . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. hey .  , guy . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. hi . it just want to understand – just make sure it be understand the sort of government 's aspect of what it be say about engage creditor and the two entity correctly . it sound like there be already be discussion among creditor with FES , but now what it be say be that FE , as in it , be go to sit down with it next week ? be it get that ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. yeah . there have be one discussion between the group represent the creditor and fes . and in that discussion , FES reach out to it to ask if it would be willing to sit down and engage in that process , and it clearly say , yes , it would be willing to sit down and engage in that process . and that first meeting be happen very soon . so , that be as much as it can tell it at this point . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. okay . it just want to clarify that . and then , on – it make this comment that it have box the liability , and it would sort of a two - part question on that . be there other rail - type contract beyond the two it have talk about ? and would it – would it guy mind just sort of remind it what these – what the boxed liability be that it have talk about in public just so it kind of get straight on the – what it have put out there on that ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. yeah . Jim will cover all of what it have give it in the past about the potential exposure to FirstEnergy shareholder directly relate to the bankruptcy . on the rail settlement , it disclose a number in the first quarter of what it think it would be in the range of to settle both of those contract . as it say in it remark , the railroad ask for an expedited process on the second contract that it do not get . so , that be now schedule for trial next June . it have not change and it have not change it view on ultimately what it may settle for and it be work to try to still do that . so , those number have not change . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. those be the – there be two of these contract and that be it ? or be there other that it just have not kind of bubble up to the surface ? Leila L. Vespoli - FirstEnergy Corp. so , there be two minor companion case , if it would , in federal court deal with BN . but at this point , it be very comfortable , it be kind of the same one . the first one be wrap up with the first settlement , the second – if it wrap up the second piece of the settlement , it will go along with it . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. do not see any other exposure , Jonathan , than what it have communicate . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. okay . and then if Jim would not mind , just kind of remind it the list that would be – that would help it . James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. sure , yeah . it have a slide in the appendix of the quarterly highlight , but let it highlight it . it have some unfunded pension , OPEB and some other employee benefit , that be about $ 855 million . rail settlement out there be about $ 72 million . it have these secure surety bond as well as the secure credit facility , that be about $ 700 million in total and then it have some other energy contract and guarantee , it be about $ 60-some - million . so , that be about $ 1.7 billion out there , of which $ 700 million be secure by first mortgage bond . Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. great .  it very much , Jim . appreciate that . James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. no problem , John , yep . it next question come from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs . please proceed with it question . Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. hey , guy . a couple of question . one just on the dry cask storage , it have to be honest , it be not the world 's great expert on this , how do that – if a nuclear unit retire early and if it immediately begin the decommissioning or SAFSTOR process , what be it it be exactly require to do that would take about $ 1 billion of spend to comply , $ 1 billion though spread over a long , long period of time , it seem like . like , what be physically actually happen and then what be the process to get reimbursement from DOE ? and have it ever see anybody actually do that ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , it be not much more schooled on it than it , Michael , so – but simply , if these plant be shut down , there be a process where it be go to remove the fuel from the reactor , it be go to put it into the pool inside the plant . it be go to be there for a while until it decay to the point where it can be safely put in dry cask storage . the process for do that be a process where FENOC be responsible for as the licensee for those site for the safe shutdown of those facility . FENOC would fund that and apply to the Department of Energy for reimbursement and that be about as much as it know . it can get it more detail offline if it need it . James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. hey , Michael , this be Jim . it do have a slide in it appendix that cover some of it nuclear fact , it give it like some of the NDT funding , but it also have like a dry cask storage overview . so , it think if it go through that , and then if it have any further question , it would be more than happy to jump on the line with it . Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. yeah , it can follow up offline . it big question be really the reimbursement by the DOE . be there any precedent for that ? it can do that offline . it actually want to ask a follow - on question , totally unrelated on the regulated side of the business . and it be really – when it look – Chuck , when it look at the cost structure , and it be think non - fuel O&M , how do it utility compare relative to the company it would view as it peer ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it be not sure exactly what it be ask , but when it benchmark it T&D O&M expense , it benchmark very low across the industry , if that be what it be ask . Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. that be exactly what it be ask . okay . and how about kind of corporate - level cost or a&g - level cost ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. again , it think it benchmark very well . it mean , Michael , it go through six year of cost reduction initiative across this company and that be in every part of this business . it have work extremely hard to get as efficient at everything that it do , whether that be in the utility or the generation business , when it launch CFIP , that be several hundred million dollar more of cost that it figure out how to get out of this company . so , from a cost structure , it benchmark very well pretty much across the board now . it have individual pocket where a give corporate area , it have get room to improve and it have identify those and it be work on it . but in general , it be top quartile or top decile , pretty much across the board in all that benchmarking . Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. got it .  it , Chuck . much appreciated guy . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it next question come from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies . please proceed with it question . Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC hey ,  , Chuck . just quickly , do it think an outcome from the DOE , whether it be supportive or not supportive , would help the likelihood of get a ZEN pass in Ohio ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it think there be the potential that depend on what DOE say , it could wake up some of the legislator who be not necessarily see the future concern . so , it would say , yeah , it mean , it be possible , but it be actively work the ZEN legislation in Ohio and that be it job to go out and one by one convince these legislator that this be good for the state and it should vote for it . and that be what it be do . if something come out of the DOE study that it can take to those meeting and use , it be definitely go to use it . Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC great .  it . it next question come from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc Capital Markets . please proceed with it question . Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc.  . at what point do it envision put FES into disc op ? what do it have to cross to do that ? James F. Pearson - FirstEnergy Corp. it would probably be , at the time , if there be a restructuring and it have to deconsolidate FES , it would be at that point in time , it would not be before then . Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc. okay .  it . it next question come from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie . please proceed with it question . Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc.  it . so , just on the core business for FE , the regulated utility . so , it talk about the cost structure , how about the investment structure and it asset – in it regulated asset and the way to fund it . it be hear from Ohio that the strain of it balance sheet have prevent it from invest in some of it distribution asset . it be still wait for equity to be issue . so , can it talk about how it envision the growth in it core business , largely regardless of what happen with FES ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. well , yeah , Angie , so what it have talk about be a growth of it T&D business in the range of 4 % to 6 % . some of that be go to be choppy because it have to have rate case to recover those investment . but much of it be through transmission formula rate now , much of it be through a range of different distribution recovery mechanism , in particular , in Ohio and Pennsylvania . so , it be still look in that range of 4 % to 6 % annual growth . that do not mean it be go to be that every single year . it mean one year may be 8 % and the next year may be 2 % , and so forth because of just the way some of these thing happen . but that have not change . the ability to finance it , it think it have communicate , it be go to be issue some equity over the next few year and it have answer that question repeatedly since move into this position now almost three year ago . it get lot of question about why not issue equity quickly , and it answer be , it think equity be intend for grow the company , not to work it way out of a difficult position financially . it think it work it way out of that difficult position in the right way by cut more cost , by get more efficient in everything that it do and get to a position to where now it have the ability to invest go forward and it have no embarrassment about say , it be go to use equity for part of that growth . that be what it be intend for . when it look at transmission , in particular , because it be now four year and $ 4.2 billion into that , it be get to a point where it fund a lot of that it . so , it think it be poise to move forward , it be stick to the 4 % to 6 % growth rate for now . when it be do with this exit of commodity - expose generation , then it will talk about it at that point in time to see where it be at . Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc. it be just ask because it say that it guy do not benchmark it against lot of T&D operation on the cost perspective , but if it just look at it rate base per customer , it know it be a simplistic measure , it do seem like it distribution business be under - invest versus those of it peer in the same state , which , it mean , could be a function of the level of funding that it have available . so , it be not try to say to issue more equity to shore up the balance sheet , but maybe accelerate that distribution growth . Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. Angie , it be very complicated , but it look at it this way . it be go to spend money on the right thing to serve it customer the right way and create the right growth for it shareholder , and that be a complex balance . across it service territory , in particular , it have have negative or flat load growth now for the last eight year . and when it have that type of an environment , it have to be cautious about how it look at distribution investment because it have get no load growth to pay for it , which mean then it be rate increase and it be rate increase across the customer base that it serve that quite frankly , every dollar that it pay in it electric bill be a challenge for many of it . so , it try to balance it all . there be nothing stop it from do more , but it also would say this , it reliability to it distribution customer in every state that it serve be near the top . so , it have invest the right way to serve the customer the right way . and as time move on , what it be outline be that mean it have plenty of opportunity to do that go forward . on the O&M side , it focus real heavily on O&M because in the customer ' bill , it pay that back to it dollar for dollar . so , the fact that it have reduce it O&M over time , and it do not – and it do not earn anything on it as shareholder , it just get that back . so , it have put it in a position where it be make the right kind of investment , it have be very strategic about it in the right way where it can then move forward state by state and grow not just the utility earning , but grow the level of service that it be provide to the customer at the same time . Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc. it next question come the line of Chris Melandia ( 53:29 ) of Wellington Management . please proceed with it question . unknown Speaker Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. hi , Chris ( 53:38 ) , how it be do ? unknown Speaker it want to see how it be think about the company 's credit quality and rating as it enter these negotiation with the FES creditor . it want to ensure or get a feel that this be of high importance as it enter those negotiation ? Charles E. Jones - FirstEnergy Corp. it be of high importance and it have work very hard to make progress there , and it do not intend to give it up . 