this morning , Foresight Energy announce it first quarter financial result , which include total revenue of $ 230 million on sale volume of 5.3 million ton , which result in adjust EBITDA of approximately $ 64 million for the quarter . it first quarter result represent a significant improvement over the prior year ’s first quarter , with a 40 % increase in coal sale and a 27 % increase in adjust EBITDA . most significantly be the ability to access the export market due to the substantial improvement in the API2 price compare to the prior year quarter . during the first quarter , it safely produce 5.3 million ton , a nearly 1 million ton increase compare to the first quarter of 2016 . once again , it operating mine maintain it position among the most productive in the country as measure on a clean ton per man hour work basis . of the large underground mine report to MSHA during the first quarter , it Sugar Camp and Williamson operation rank as the two most productive mine in the country . on a combine basis , the Foresight mine produce over 13 ton per man hour work , significantly high than the national average of 5.1 ton per man hour . this productivity allow it to achieve quarterly cost per ton of $ 22.80 , which it believe to be the low cost among producer in the Eastern United States . furthermore , this production efficiency and industry lead low cost structure demonstrate it operational discipline and it ability to effectively respond to market condition in the current environment . with respect to the domestic market , despite the abnormally warm winter , natural gas price have remain in excess of $ 3 per MMBtu and it be begin to see stockpile in many of it customer return to normal historical level . it expect this will continue over the course of this summer . regard the export market , price as measure by API2 have remain resilient for the last several month as demand for chinese import and transportation disruption in Australia have full supply from other global basin out of Europe and into Southeast Asia . to that end , it continue to see opportunity to move Illinois coal into the export market at favorable cash margin and it be spend a lot of time in a lot of different market try to push this product and it be have great success in that regard . in term of guidance for the remainder of 2017 , it currently have 18.6 million ton contract for delivery in 2017 . and base on current market condition , it anticipate an active spot market in the second half of the year . the 18.6 million ton represent between 84 % to 91 % of it project production of 20.5 million to 22 million ton for 2017 . at these production level , it expect ebitda of $ 285 million to $ 315 million and capital expenditure to total between $ 68 million and $ 73 million . as it have continue to demonstrate quarter - after - quarter , it current cost structure be sustainable and it anticipate cost improve over the remainder of the year . as mention on each of it last quarterly call , it continue to work with the Mine Safety and Health Administration to assess the status of the Hillsboro mine . recently , MSHA accept it plan to send personnel underground to evaluate and explore underground working . the approved plan do not allow it to inspect the long - wall system or return it shaft at this time , but it be a step in evaluate the condition of the mine . pursuant to the term of the approve plan sometime in the come week , it plan to breach the sale that be currently restrict airflow into the mine and it will then permit personnel to proceed underground . relate to the ongoing discussion with it insurer regard insurance plan result from the March 2015 combustion relate event at the Hillsboro mine , it be notify on May 2 that it be in agreement on the third payment under the policy . this payment be anticipate to be receive sometime during the second quarter . lastly , during the quarter , it complete the process of refinance it debt that it announce in February . the refinancing , which be complete on March 28 replace substantially all of it outstanding first and second lien debt with new facility comprise of a $ 170 million revolving line of credit , an $ 825 million first lien term loan and a $ 425 million second lien note . the March transaction simplify it capital structure , provide great operational and financial flexibility and address the constraint contain in the various debt instrument and other document that be tie to the 2016 out - of - court restructuring . specifically , as a result of the March 28 transaction , the follow be accomplish . the second lien exchange will pick note previously due October 2017 be redeem , thus avoid substantial dilution for exist public common unitholder . the maturity profile of it debt be extend , provide it with adequate runway before it first significant maturity when the new revolver become due in 2021 . total debt and total annual interest expense be reduce . Murray Energy backstoppe $ 61 million of common equity issuance . financial covenant be reset , provide for more operational flexibility . the ability to resume distribution to common unitholder be reinstate subject to the term and it new credit document . relative to distribution , it be it desire to resume distribution in the near future and it continue to evaluate it distribution strategy and intend to provide related guidance on the next quarterly call . at this point , it will turn the call back over to Jim for further discussion of it first quarter financial result .  it , Rob . during the first quarter of 2017 , it generate coal sale revenue of $ 227.8 million on sale volume of 5.3 million ton lead to adjust EBITDA of $ 64 million . this compare to coal sale revenue of $ 163.1 million to sale volume of 3.8 million ton and adjust EBITDA of $ 50.3 million during the prior year period . the increase in it coal sale be primarily drive by a 40 % increase in sale volume drive largely by it strong export market in the first quarter of 2017 compare to the first quarter of 2016 . in fact , during the quarter , it ship 24 % of it volume into the export market compare to 40 % during the prior year period , a difference of over 700,000 ton . as Rob mention earlier , it operating mine continue to be among the most productive underground mine in the country . this high productivity , once again , lead to cash cost in the low 20 . for the first quarter ‘ 17 , it cash cost per ton sell be $ 22.80 , an improvement of $ 1.06 per ton compare to it first quarter 2016 cash cost per ton of $ 23.86 . the improvement in it cash cost per ton sell be drive by increase production at it Williamson operation , which be impact during the first quarter of 2016 by high longwall relate cost . also benefit it cost per ton during the ‘ 17 quarter be low direct and indirect cost relate to the Hillsboro combustion event compare to the prior year quarter as the mine be not temporarily seal until April 2016 . the impact of these cost be $ 0.37 per ton in the current quarter compare to $ 1.03 in the year ago period . transportation cost during the first quarter 2017 increase by $ 11.9 million to $ 37.7 million compare to $ 25.8 million for the first quarter 2016 , with a per ton cost increase slightly to $ 7.14 per ton . the increase in total dollar be a result of the increase sale volume while the per ton increase be a result of an increase in export shipment as API 2 pricing improve substantially compare to the first quarter of 2016 . relate to the debt refinance complete in March of this year , it have recognize a $ 95.5 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt , which include the Macoupin premium on the retirement of the 2021 second lien note and the write - off of discount associate with those same instrument . also as part of the restructuring complete last August , warrant be issue to certain holder of the now retire second lien 2020 exchangeable PIK note . for the first quarter 2017 , a gain of $ 9.3 million be record to fair value these warrant . as previously disclose , in conjunction with the March refinance transaction , Murray Energy exercise it GPE option for $ 15 million increase it voting interest of the General Board to 80 % . as a result of this , management elect to apply pushdown accounting to it standalone financial statement and it consolidated statement have be adjust to reflect these preliminary pushdown accounting entry . it financial be now present in two distinct period to indicate the application of two basis of accounting . Predecessor period include all day prior to the acquisition date and the period after the acquisition date be identify as the successor period . for accounting purpose , it have designate the acquisition date as March 31 , 2017 . give this process be not yet complete , the value of certain asset and liability be preliminary in nature and maybe adjust as additional analysis be perform . as a result , material adjustment may occur as a relate pushdown accounting be finalize . finally , from a cash flow perspective , during the first quarter , it generate over $ 22 million of cash from operation and end the quarter with an unrestricted cash balance of $ 4 million and total liquidity of nearly $ 163 million . the decline in it cash balance from the end of last year be entirely attribute to the debt refinance complete at the end of March . it capital expenditure be $ 19.9 million for the first quarter compare to $ 5 million for the year ago period . the increase in capital spending primarily relate to a heavy proportion of project in the first quarter of this year compare to the same period last year . with that , it will turn the call back over to Rob for conclude remark .  Jim . it be pleased with it first quarter operating and financial result , which provide it a solid foundation for the remainder of 2017 . build off exceptional operating performance , it be able to recapitalize the business on term that be more favorable for the partnership than the August restructuring , which benefit it common unitholder . as Jim previously mention , as part of the March transaction , Murray Energy Corporation exercise it option to become the majority owner of Foresight ’s general partner . the completion of this transaction with Murray Energy enable Foresight to continue to receive the benefit of the synergy deliver through the Murray Energy - Foresight combination . it believe that these synergy be extremely beneficial to partnership , especially in the current coal market environment . lastly , it have gain some regulatory relief as a result of the very positive action take by President Trump ’s administration to support United States coal industry . these action to - date include the repeal of the Stream Protection Rule on February 16 , the resending of the clean power plant and other regulation on March 28 , the resending and revision to the rule that redefine water of the United States under the Clean Water Act , the postponement of certain compliance date for effluent limitation guideline and standard for coal fire power plant and the directing of the Department of Energy staff to review various aspect and reliability of the base load power in the United States . while there remain much to be address relative to the reversal of regulation implement by the prior administration for the purpose of render coal on competitive , it be ful for this administration ’s action to - date . although coal market remain challenge , it believe Foresight be best position to withstand these challenge and capture opportunity in the market as it occur . with current gas price at level above $ 3 per million Btu and the forecast of a recently hot summer , it be position to see improve domestic coal demand over the remainder of 2017 and into 2018 . Should that occur , it be situate to capitalize on that opportunity . 