 it .  and welcome to Fairmount Santrol ’s first quarter 2015 conference call . with it today be Jenniffer Deckard , it President and CEO ; Chris Nagel , it Chief Financial Officer ; and Van Smith , it Executive Vice President responsible for proppant sale , marketing , and new product development . by now , it should have receive a copy of it first quarter earning release , which it issue this morning . before turn the call over to the team , it would like to remind all participant that certain statement during this call may constitute forward - look statement which be subject to certain risk and uncertainty . for a complete discussion of these risk and uncertainty , it encourage it to read the press release and it document on file with the SEC . it would also like to remind it that during this call , it will comment on non - gaap measure , include adjust EBITDA , adjust earning and adjust earning per share . these financial measure be use by management to monitor and evaluate the ongoing performance of the company and to allocate resource . it can find a reconciliation of these non - gaap measure to the near comparable GAAP result as an attachment to it first quarter earning release . now , to begin here be it President and CEO , Jenniffer Deckard . Jenniffer Deckard  , Sharon and  . as always ,  it for it continued interest in Fairmount Santrol and for spend time with it today . in addition to share result from it 2015 first quarter , it will be discuss it view on the current market as well as it plan in this challenge environment , which continue to have a significant impact on it customer and on it business . Van Smith will then provide some update on it late product technology initiative and the many way that it be focus on reduce the customer ’ cost per barrel of oil equivalent , or BOE . Chris Nagel will cover the financial in more detail and it will then open the line to take it question . so , as it look back at the first quarter and acknowledge the challenge market condition under which it have be operate , it performance be a result of it differentiate business model , it customer relationship , it wide distribution network , and the focus of it team . during the quarter , it generate total revenue of $ 301.5 million on sale volume of 2.3 million ton . net income be $ 30.8 million and adjust EBITDA be $ 75.1 million . while it first quarter result compare favorably on a year - over - year basis , from a sequential standpoint , it reflect the speed of the downturn in the oil and gas market , which see the average north american onshore rig count decline by approximately 50 % from it peak in quarter four . during the first quarter of 2015 , it total proppant solution volume be down 6 % sequentially . raw sand volume be down only 2 % as it gain share due to it operational scale , it responsiveness to customer ’s pricing need and it logistic capability , which allow it the flexibility to provide product at both fob mine and in basin . this be especially important as customer look to consolidate it vendor . it maintain share in the coated proppant market , although volume for these product be down 23 % due to the contraction in the market for resin coated product as E&P company become increasingly focused on lower it input cost . while it anticipate continued pressure on it resin coat proppant volume in the near - term , it technology remain a differentiator for Fairmount Santrol and provide proprietary solution to downhole challenge , which will persist in all environment . it be committed to it product development and technology initiative in this area and to further demonstrate to it customer the cost and productivity benefit of it highly differentiate coated product . as validation of this strategy , it be pleased to see for example that volume for two of it most proprietary resin coated product OptiProp and CoolSet , both increase compare to Q4 and field trial of it Propel SSP accelerate during the first quarter . Dan will share more about Propel SSP later on this call . in January and February , it act quickly to help it customer and on a weighted average it see sequential price decline across it product portfolio . take a close look at it product category Northern White frac sand pricing decline approximately 10 % depend on channel , basin and grade . it Texas gold pricing remain flat and resin coat proppant pricing decline by approximately 10 % . it do experience a sequential decline in it profitability in the first quarter due to several factor include the decline in resin coat sand volume and the overall pricing relief it provide to it customer . Chris will provide further detail on it Q1 financial performance during it prepared remark . but first , allow it to please share with it some of it thought on the current market and it near - term outlook for proppant demand . rig count continue to decline during the quarter and be now down approximately 50 % from it peak in late 2014 . and while the rate of decline have decelerate there be still uncertainty as to the depth and timing of a floor and as to the timing and rate of recovery . it be however continue to see proppant intensity per well increase , a trend that be partially offset the impact of fall rig count on proppant demand . factor here include the increase use of proppant per stage and the increase in the number of stage drill per well . it also continue to see evidence of lead edge operator use even great amount of sand during the completion process , some use upward of 10,000 ton per well . give all of these factor , it believe that there be still room for some continue growth in proppant intensity . another factor it believe could impact proppant demand during the balance of 2015 be the number of well drill , but uncompleted . industry information provider IHS and Wood Mackenzie estimate that there be between 3,000 and 5,000 well that fall into this category . it believe that approximately 35 % of the well in inventory will be complete by the end of 2015 . these completion could help lift demand for proppant in the second half of the year at a rate faster than the potential recovery in rig count . in think about full year 2015 , should rig count remain at current level , it would expect overall propane demand to be down approximately 20 % to 25 % compare with last year ’s peak . this decline in overall demand combine with the industry ’s focus on reduce the cost per Boe will likely result in additional pressure on both pricing and volume in the near - term , further impact it financial performance in Q2 . it expect it raw sand volume will continue to perform better than the overall market . as it discuss on it last earning call , it team have proactively plan for multiple scenario and it act quickly on these plan in the first quarter as market condition rapidly decline . as for further 2015 plan in the continued face of headwind , it continue to take the step necessary to control what it can in order to best manage it profitability and to ensure it emerge a strong company when the market rebound . it broad logistic network and fully integrate supply chain remain differentiator for Fairmount Santrol and it continue to leverage these asset to gain operational efficiency and economy of scale . it be able to pass along many of the result benefit to it customer , strengthen it long - term partnership while also preserve margin for it . it remain focused on optimization across it value chain move volume through it more profitable origin destination pair include a focus on the use of alternative , low cost mode of transportation such as unit train and barge . during the quarter it successfully deliver 39 unit train and 60 barge help it to lower it landed cost , drive volume and increase efficiency in it supply chain . at the same time it be focus on manage the size of rail fleet to match demand level . base on it long establish partnership , Fairmount Santrol have reach agreement to either delay receipt sublease or return to customer excess railcar over the course of the year . it have also continue it effort to better align it operation with near - term market condition . for example , it have take action to consolidate volume into it more cost effective footprint . during the first quarter , it close it high cost sand facility in Readfield , Wisconsin and it scale back operation at it code facility in Fresno , Texas and Monterrey , Mexico . it have take further action in the second quarter , include the idling of it sand facility in Brewer , Missouri and it coat facility in Bridgman , Michigan and Voca , Texas . additionally , to better align it logistic network with customer demand and to reduce cost , Fairmount Santrol have discontinue activity at five transloade terminal . also , just as it have work with it customer to provide relief on pricing , it have also work with it long - term vendor to secure relief on cost . together , it have be able to negotiate agreement that will provide significant vendor saving for 2015 . in regard to SG&A specifically , it have identify further save opportunity and have reduce it anticipate total annual spend by approximately 10 % . this complete approach to efficiency , consolidation and cost reduction will help it to offset some of the price concession that it have implement and will help it to maximize it profitability in the current environment . unfortunately , these action have result in an approximate 14 % reduction in total Fairmount Santrol employment to - date . it currently anticipate ongoing annual saving of approximately $ 15 million from these cost reduction action , in particular . the decision to reduce capacity and to impact job be a difficult one for any company . it have very carefully assess it action to ensure the most effective change be make to preserve all of it core capability and it differentiator for it customer , while remain united in it commitment to sustainable development and operational safety . it performance during Q1 confirm that it have among the low operating cost base in the industry . and many of these action will further improve it cost structure for the remainder of the year . as it work to optimize it option , it also recognize the important of conserve these result cash flow . while this be always a priority , it become even more critical during these time of ongoing uncertainty . Consequentl , it be focus on it day forward inventory to properly align it with sale level . it be also closely manage it customer credit process and monitor customer payment in an effort to reduce risk and to improve cash flow . these activity have help it to build the strong cash position . it cash balance at the end of the quarter be $ 118 million , up from $ 77 million at year end . and as of April 30 , it have $ 155 million of cash on hand . as it assess possible scenario for it business through the end of the year , it expect to generate positive cash flow for 2015 in all case . and while it be be mindful of it expense and it cash flow , it also know the importance of make the right investment to maintain it operation and to position it for growth when the market rebound . it now expect to spend between $ 90 million and $ 115 million on capital expenditure in 2015 . at this time , it be not make any additional spending commitment on it Wedron expansion project and it continue to complete only committed expenditure . it will continue to evaluate this expansion as it review opportunity to secure additional unit train volume commitment . the company also remain committed to fulfil it environmental and social responsibility , particularly to it local community through it continue sustainable development initiative . for example , in observance of Earth Day on April 22 , many of it facility host community volunteer day clean up park and highway in effort to make the place in which it live and work even better . it also reach another milestone in the first quarter achieve zero waste to landfill at yet another facility . this bring it total zero waste to landfill facility count to 19 . as member of the Fairmount family , it be pleased to draw inspiration from one another and from it community partner , engage it workforce and enable it to live up to it action orientation of do good , do well . it long tenure team of industry leader be prepared and commit to manage the business through this cycle and to position Fairmount Santrol to emerge even strong as the market rebound . and as it have do in the past , it will continue to maintain and enhance it relationship with it customer throughout market cycle . it share it risk and the reward both today and go forward . it customer be seek active support and consolidation in it supply base . it have the approach and it have the scale in term of resource , capability , capacity and logistic to meet and exceed it evolve need . it be pleased now to turn the call over to Van Smith to talk more about it success with Propel SSP and it other area of product development and customer - centric solution .  , Jenniffer . it have hear Jenniffer discuss it cost reduction . this do not apply to research and development as it continue to invest in technology , which be the spearhead for it long - term financial success . the good news for Fairmount Santrol be that it have develop and continue to develop innovative product that help it customer lower cost and increase yield . a prime example be Fairmount Santrol ’s revolutionary Propel SSP , which transport profit further into the fracture without settle out of the frac fluid . it self suspend proppant also greatly increase the surface area , the fracture expose to the reservoir of provide uniform distribution of proppant from tip to well bore . this treatment increase initial production as well as long - term eur by flatten the decline curve . Propel SSP also allow it customer to eliminate certain additive , include var and friction reduce agent . operationally , service company be find that the product pump easily in less time use less water for proppant placement . to - date , trial at Propel SSP have include successful placement in more than 600 stage . the product be be use by 10 unique e&p by 14 unique oilfield service company and pump in 16 different north american play , such as the Eagle Ford , Marcellus , Permian , three fork , Utica and the canadian Bakken . in several formation , operator have be able to achieve production gain that exceed 50 % within two month as compare to direct offset well with conventional fluid system carry northern white frac sand . in addition to production enhancement , several fracture design have be optimize to require less water and chemical additive during the frac job . in March , an operator complete a Bakken / three fork well with Propel SSP . the operator successfully convert to 25-pound cross - link fluid system with 2040 frac sound to a 2040 Propel SSP design . further design in Propel SSP be pump up to 6 pound per gallon without the need for any gel or friction reducer . the operator attribute initial positive result to increase well volume and less near well bore gel damage and be move forward with five additional trial well . this July it will publicly document how Propel SSP reduce proppant pack and formation damage when it present a paper at the Unconventional Resources Technology Conference in San Antonio , Texas in collaboration with Stem Lab , which be a core laboratory company . base on the success to - date , Propel SSP will continue to be commercialize throughout 2015 . another innovative product that be help customer low it cost per BOE be CoolSet . this proppant be it curable resin - coat sand engineer to prevent proppant flowback in well as low as 100 degree Fahrenheit . momentum of it CoolSet product continue to build with increase sale , particularly in the permian Basin for the past seven consecutive month . in April alone , for example , it have sell 12,000 ton . refracture seem to be the term of the quarter . it believe that refracture represent a tailwind for both sand and value - add proppant and it expect these completion to provide incremental volume for Fairmount Santrol . an example of this occur in April when it provide 1,200 ton of 3050 Northern White sand , 1,300 ton of 100 mesh , and 400,000 pound of 2040 super LC resin - coat sand , that ’ use as a tailwind to prevent proppant flowback into the well bore to a customer for refrac in the Eagle Ford . the development of differentiated technology and proprietary product continue with an eye towards solution that low operator ’ cost per BOE to complement it exist product suite . with that , it be go to turn the call over to it cfo , Chris Nagel to review it first quarter financial .  it , Van . as Jenniffer describe , it believe that the business have hold up well in very challenging market condition . adjust EBITDA for the first quarter be $ 75.1 million , down 9 % from adjust EBITDA of $ 82.1 million a year ago . it do see strong growth in it raw sand business year - over - year , but this be offset by a decline in the coated proppant business and weakening performance of it international business . sequentially , first quarter adjust EBITDA be down 25 % from the fourth quarter of 2014 drive by decline sell price across the proppant business and decline coated proppant volume . back to the year - over - year comparison , total company revenue for the quarter be $ 301.5 million , an increase of 2 % over revenue of $ 294.9 million for the first quarter of 2014 . revenue for it proppant solution segment also be up 2 % compare to last year , while revenue for it industrial and recreational segment be flat to the prior year . it total proppant volume increase 12 % year - over - year . within proppant , it raw sand volume be up 18 % , while it coat proppant volume be down 10 % compare to the same period a year ago . decrease sell price for northern white sand in the first quarter roughly offset price increase take throughout 2014 . it do not see a decline in the average selling price of it Texas Gold sand in the first quarter of this year . average sell price across it resin - coat product be down about 10 % in the first quarter of 2015 compare to the prior year . contribution margin for it proppant solution business decline 6 % year - over - year due to the decline in the profitability of the resin - coat business partially offset by an increase in contribution margin for it raw sand product . contribution margin for I&R business for the quarter increase 14 % year - over - year to $ 7.1 million primarily due to price increase take during 2014 . sequentially , revenue for it proppant business be down 16 % from the fourth quarter of 2014 . it raw sand business hold up well decline only 2 % from the previous quarter . it do see a decline in average selling price for raw sand of up to 10 % this quarter depend on channel , basin and grade . coated proppant volume decrease 23 % from the fourth quarter of last year with resin - coat volume in North America down 20 % . as it mention earlier , it see average selling price decline across the resin - coat business by about 10 % in the quarter . as a result of these volume and price decline , contribution margin for the proppant solution segment decline 26 % sequentially . contribution margin for I&R segment be down 7 % sequentially as it see slow start to 2015 in the recreation and glass business . total company SG&A in the first quarter be $ 24 million compare to $ 21.8 million last year . the spending from most of it SG&A department be flat or down compare to last year , but it have incur significant cost this quarter for public company audit and filing cost and Sarbanes - Oxley compliance cost . it also be invest in sophisticated logistic system to help it optimize the profitability of it thousand of OD pair . a portion of these cost be be capitalize , while a portion be reflect in SG&A expense . as Jenniffer describe , it be carefully manage it spending in these market condition , include SG&A cost . it expect that it quarterly run - rate for SG&A will be in the $ 22 million to $ 23 million range this year , but more comment on what it be do to control cost and maximize cash flow in a moment . depreciation , depletion and amortization expense in the first quarter be $ 16.2 million compare to $ 12.9 million a year ago largely due to increase depreciation for plant and terminal investment it make last year . interest expense in the quarter be $ 15.3 million after capitalize $ 1.2 million of interest cost to capital project . it effective tax rate for the first quarter be 25.6 % compare to 29.2 % a year ago . the decrease in it tax rate be due to the increased impact of the depletion allowance as raw sand profit make up a large portion of it earning this year . net income for the quarter be $ 30.8 million , or $ 0.18 per diluted share , down 11 % from the first quarter of 2014 . non - recur item be not significant for either the first quarter of this year or last year . it cash balance of the end of the quarter be $ 118.4 million , up from $ 77 million at year end . it cash balance have increase further to $ 155 million as of April 30 . it have nothing draw on it revolver at the end of the quarter leave $ 113.5 million available on it revolving credit facility after outstanding letter of credit . it total debt at March 31 be $ 1.25 billion and it leverage ratio be 3.2 . capital expenditure for the first quarter be $ 31.9 million primarily relate to investment in expand it sand processing and ssp production capacity at it Wedron facility . for 2015 , full year capital expenditure be still uncertain as it continue to evaluate the expansion of it Wedron facility . if it resume the expansion this year , it expect that full year capital expenditure will be approximately $ 115 million . otherwise , it expect CapEx will be about $ 90 million . Jenniffer describe the action it be take in this uncertain market to reduce cost and improve it cash position . it be consolidate it manufacturing and distribution terminal capacity into it low cost footprint . it also be prudently reduce SG&A headcount and spending . in total , these action have result in it reduce it headcount by approximately 14 % and it be evaluate continue reduction . it action to - date will provide annualize cost saving of approximately $ 15 million , $ 3 million to $ 4 million of which be SG&A. it be closely manage work capital , include reduce inventory level to align with demand . so , while market condition continue to be challenging and uncertain , it be very pleased with it cash position and total liquidity . it may have see that last week , an important and significant lender in it B1 term loan agree to effectively exchange it position into a b2 loan . it b1 term loan be currently schedule to mature in March 2017 and give the uncertainty of the oil and gas and credit market , it believe it be prudent to look for opportunity to defer this maturity . it be in discussion with other b1 lender to do the same and it appreciate it consideration . with respect to full year earning expectation , market condition make it much too difficult to provide any meaningful guidance . in the near - term , it do expect that there will be further downward pressure on sell price and it appear that the resin - coat market will continue to further contract result in low sequential earning in the second quarter . and with that , it will now open the call for it question . question - and - answer session it will now begin the Q&A session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Marc Bianchi from Cowen & Company . it line be open . Mr. Bianchi , it line be open . hey ,  guy . nice performance on maintain market share there in the raw sand business . it be hope it could talk a little bit more about the discussion with customer at this point , how much more price have be give up since the last call and maybe just if it could provide some more commentary on what those discussion be like right now ? well , this be Van .  for it question , Marc . it continue to be in front of the customer quite often as it can imagine . the pricing that it talk about in Q1 , it be an amalgamation of FOB mine pricing as well as ex - terminal pricing . so , one of the thing that it be see be that it advantage at the terminal represent by it 50 terminal and basin be really resonate with the customer in term of – as it look at the last mile be able to deliver that product close to it well site . so , as it continue to talk about discussion , that ’ one thing it be talk about internal shipment as well as at the mine . okay .  , Van . and it guess just to try to understand the mechanic of the average in the first quarter and where it sit today , if thing stay flat at this point , what sort of a price decline will it be look at for second quarter just try to understand the dynamic of what it have see so far in April and where it exit the quarter ? Jenniffer Deckard from where it exit the quarter , it would not expect significant price decline . and as Van mention what it be try to do with it customer also be provide it way to reduce it cost that be additive to price reduction . so it do believe that it be go to continue to see some pressure . it be not at this point willing to provide or able to provide guidance as to what level that may be . as it may imagine it continue to be very dynamic and it think that it will see some downward pressure , but relative to what it exit probably not significantly material . okay , great .  Jenniffer . it will turn it back . it next question come from the line of Jud Bailey from Wells Fargo Securities . it line be open .  it .  , just a little bit of follow - up from Marc ’s question , could it maybe talk a little bit more about the difference it be see from a pricing perspective on RCS versus sand and do it – it sound like it think RCS pricing may stay weak for longer maybe during the second half of the year , be that right ? Jenniffer Deckard it think from a percentage basis , so yes to think about there be a difference in the starting point , but from a percentage basis it be not see a significant difference on a percent basis on it resin coat pricing movement and it sand pricing movement . it do believe that there will be downward pressure on both . there will be downward pressure on it think in the industry for volume . it believe that it sand volume will hold strong relative to the market and that it be probably see – that it will see further decline downward pressure on volume . Jenniffer Deckard on the resin side , yes . and that actually lead it to it follow - up which be – would it and it apologize if it miss it but it talk about annual , it expectation for industry annual decline for proppant demand , could it give any color for maybe the second quarter on what it expectation would be for volume for sand and RCS ? Jenniffer Deckard it be not provide guidance on Fairmount volume , but it think that the first quarter volume in the market for sand be probably down 15 % . it think that the resin coated market be probably down similar to Fairmount which be 20 % and it will probably see some pressure on that resin coat . it think that the market will probably see slightly high decline from Q4 , so a little bit of additional decline from that 15 % estimate in Q1 . great .  it . it will turn it back . Jenniffer Deckard  it , Jud . it next question come from the line of Blake Hutchinson from Howard Weil . it line be open . Blake Hutchinson Jenniffer Deckard  Blake . Blake Hutchinson it apologize if it cut out a bit here , it be have some technical difficulty if it drop or something , no big deal . it just want to – as it have work through it pricing commentary and think about margin impact it guess it would look from the pricing number it give that it may have actually have some positive margin impact elsewhere , do it move coarser grain perhaps in it white sand market , be the impact of centralize point A to point b delivery actually have some tailwind already , what else may be go into mix to help it on the contribution margin side ? be it – this be Chris be it look year - over - year or sequentially ? Blake Hutchinson sequentially , speak sequentially . yes . well , it think that it be see some benefit of it cost out of the mine quite frankly right now . it be continue to try to consolidate into it low cost footprint . so the operation folk be do a great job of lower it cost into the railcar . and it think it be see some benefit there . other than that it do not think that there be a lot more that work in term of mix shift or anything like that , at least so far . Blake Hutchinson and then maybe just an update on a couple of number that can kind of help it work through some of that , what be it in basin delivery and perhaps it curable versus pre - cure number for the quarter ? well , about 82 % of it Northern White be sell through ex - terminal or in the basin , that ’ fairly constant with the prior quarter . it think the prior quarter may have be 84 % or something . so it have not move a lot sequentially and it sell almost all of it resin coat product through the terminal almost 100 % . so it be sorry that be it question on the percentage . and then – on the split on the resin coated product ? Blake Hutchinson between curable and pre - cure , it do see a high proportion of it product that it sell be curable . but on a percentage basis , it see a great decline on the pre - cure side of the portfolio comparable to the curable . Jenniffer Deckard it think the follow - on to that , it think it have be discuss that over the past six month and in this downturn , what do not go away be the need to provide flowback protection and that be where curable product come in . so , those have hold up a little more strongly . and also as it mention on some of it more proprietary high - end product even within the curable have perform very well . Blake Hutchinson  . and then just finally , in term of volume capability on SSP , can it just give it a refresher on kind of update in term of timeline and potential capacity there ? Jenniffer Deckard sure . as of today , it have a little over 600,000 ton of capability . it have some optionality within some of it coating facility . although there be very different technology , it share some space and some permitting . and so right now , it have 600,000 ton capability of SSPs . and as it look at the market , it have three or four active engineering project and permit project for future expansion that it have not yet spend any capital dollar on . Blake Hutchinson  . that ’ helpful . it will turn it back . it next question come from the line of George o’leary from Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Company . it line be open .  , guy . it be experience some of the same technical difficulty as Blake , so apology if it cut out . just on the cost - cut front , it guy have do a good job , very good job so far certainly well than it be expect there . what be the kind of incremental lever here and what sort of cost break be it see from it vendor that it discuss earlier ? be there potential for it guy to close or idle incremental mine from here ? do it think it have kind of do the heavy lifting on that front at this point ? Jenniffer Deckard well , it hope that it have do the heavy lifting , because it will certainly be correlate with volume . so , it of course have an entire contingency plan that go to all different volume level . Should volume stay where it be or improve ? it would not expect to idle any more facility , but it continue to – it will continue to look at those volume , but as of today , it feel that it be right - sized on the operation for business . maybe it will add one more color . it be get some relief on resin pricing . so , it supplier be work with it on that . also , it ’ largely tie to be all . so , there have be some relief on p&l pricing although when it see that start to turn later in the year . so , it be work with it supplier where it can and get some help as an example . okay , great . and then … . it will continue to evaluate SG&A. the tough thing for it be it generate a lot of revenue and earning per head . so , it do not have quite the same lever on SG&A in term of really be able to significantly move the needle on earning through cost reduction . at the same time though it have recognize that it ’ very , very important and so it be continually look to right size the overhead structure for the business . so , it have get action in place through second quarter and it will continue to evaluate further action when necessary . and so then in that same vein stick with the cost reduction theme , would it see from here incremental cost cut be biased towards the operational side or be it more go to come at that SG&A bucket , it know it give it guidance on SG&A it be just try to look for , be there more it can expect to come out of the operational side as well ? well , it think as Jenniffer say , it think a lot of that depend on what happen to the market both on raw sand and on resin - coat sand . so , if the market continue to contract , it may have to contract it footprint even further , but it think that footprint make sense for where market condition be in that right now and it opportunity , but it think that the run - rate it give it on SG&A on a quarterly basis be probably reasonable to expect as it can continue to fine tune that , but it would not expect a meaningful difference from that .  very much guy . it next question come from the line of Ben Owens from RBC Capital Markets . it line be open .  .  for take it question . Jenniffer Deckard  , Ben . so , it be hope it guy could talk a little bit more about resin - coat sand , it hear it say that it expect demand for raw sand to be do 0.25 % this year , if the rig count stay at the current level , do it have a estimate for resin coat sand under the same scenario . and then could it just talk a little bit about the economic rational for the customer use RCS in the current environment and be there an oil price where it think that demand for that product pick up ? Jenniffer Deckard sure . Ben it be not sure that it catch all of the second question , but to the first question on the 20 % to 25 % which be the overall market include resin coat sand , it believe that the resin coat sand will be at the high end of that range and potentially even great than that . it be continue to evaluate that for both the whole market and for Fairmount Santrol , but it would expect that it would be at the high end or above that 25 % range . and it will answer about it second question , just as an example as it talk little bit about in the script portion be if it take it most differentiated product such as OptiProp and CoolSet . OptiProp be a popular choice for example in this slick [ ph ] particular operator . it need OptiProp for three reason . it need it for enhanced conductivity at a depth that it be produce at . it need it for proppant flowback prevention also it do not setup in the well bore should it happen to screen out . so there be a number of economic rationale for the continue to use of resin coat sand . and then also CoolSet which be it new resin coat sand , there be well in the Permian particularly the western portion of the permian that be – have a low bottom hold temperature that do produce proppant back into the wellbore should it not be able to lock that in , and there be a real economic cost to that . it have a case study that show that proppant flowback can cause about $ 100,000 per stage work of additional cost . so it think that it group in do a great job of make the economic case of why it continue to see resin coat sand particularly curable resin coated sand use . okay .  . that ’ helpful . and then on the I&R segment , volume be down in the first quarter , can it give a little color on what that be and then what it expectation be for the rest of the year in term of volume growth ? there be so many different market within I&R , it ’ hard to generalize . it have highlight a couple in the prepared remark , so it be off just a little bit slow start . it expect it to be about on plan this year . it do see some recovery in March and April . so do not expect – it expect it to be pretty much on plan with low single - digit growth year - over - year . okay , great . that ’ it for it . [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from the line of Marc Bianchi from Cowen & Company . it line be open . hey guy .  for get it back in . the performance of Texas gold be pretty strong in the quarter and it seem like the outlook there be favorable , maybe can it talk about how – what the opportunity be there from an underutilize capacity perspective for it and be those volume displace volume of Northern White or would it say it be incremental ? yes . it will answer that . if it think about that particular market in that supplier base be much less fragmented than the Northern White supplier . so it be very excited about the strength of that category . it be actually increase it customer base . it be predominantly serve two customer in 2014 . and it have more customer that be become interested in that category due to it proximity to the Eagle Ford as well as the Permian . Jenniffer Deckard and to further that it think it have a good deal of new capacity as it have spend some capital dollar there at the end of 2014 and into 2015 . so it think that it will have some uplift in it ability to get more Texas Gold into the market over Q2 and Q3 and the team be do a good job of gate the demand for that . so it think there be some uplift there for it in volume . okay . and how do it see of the competitive market for Texas Gold , it mean certainly it seem like it ’ not as competitive as Northern White , it mention fragmented competition , but how hard be it to bring on more capacity if this end up be somewhat of a bright spot in the market , just from an industry perspective ? Jenniffer Deckard to bring it on in the short run be a challenge . it think it will be increase it capacity here just base on something that it have be work on for a year since it acquire that property from FTSI in 2013 . it do have an additional Texas gold opportunity in Texas for a new plant . but that would probably be 12 month to 18 month once it be start . and while it be where it need to be on the engineering and the permitting , it have of course not start spend in that – on that plant to - date . sure . okay .  so much . it will turn it back . it next question come from the line of [ indiscernible ] from Simmons & Company . it line be open . Unidentified Analyst Jenniffer Deckard Unidentified Analyst just follow up on Marc ’s question there , in term of the M&A landscape for the Texas sand , it guy have any desire any appetite for that , maybe to bring some volume on a little bit sooner ? in term of the potential M&A landscape there be just very limited , it be talk about three or four supplier in that Hickory Formation . so , it be always take a look at any opportunity , but in that particular part of the country it ’ fairly limit . Unidentified Analyst Limited , and any color it can provide on sort of it mean be that bid ask spread a little too big right now or any other thought ? Jenniffer Deckard it think it have not be actively explore M&A on the Texas gold front . it think that it approach to that to the good of it knowledge and that ’ something very advantageous that ’ present to it would be to continue with it capacity expansion , should the market condition support that , that would be it approach . Unidentified Analyst alright , great . it be hear VNP be use a bit more fine grade here recently , it would be curious to if it could give some color on it production capacity of 100 mesh , 40 - 70 and any thought on price here in April on the fine grade versus some of the coarser grade ? yes . it will address that , certainly it be see an evolution of frac treatment to include more 40 - 70 and 100 mesh . there be a number of reason why that be and it ’ mainly around cost . there be a couple of reason generally in the past 40 - 70 and 100 mesh have be a low price sand and it be coarser alternative . it would expect convergence of that pricing as demand for those product go up . also 40 - 70 and 100 mesh be the prop and the choice when it do slick water fracs which also provide the cost saving as it relate to water and other additive . at the end of the day what operator want to do be it want the most conductivity possible . so it would prefer should the cost be there to use a coarse sand and that really – the segue be to ssp because with SSP it be allow to pump coarser grain and place those grain at – to the tip of the fracture without use costly fluid additive . so it think that that evolution to fine grain can actually be reverse with technology like Propel SSP which will allow it to pump the coarser grain that it really want at the end of those fracture . Jenniffer Deckard and generally speak relative to it capability , it do have the flexibility to adjust the yield between grade size . generally , it use a rule of thumb of kind of a third , a third , a third of coarse , medium and fine grade . the fine grade be be 40 - 70 and 100 mesh , 30 - 50 be in the mid - range and 20 - 40 and more coarse be in the upper grade . so it have some flexibility both within pant and then between plant . so some of it plant have a more coarse yield , some have a fine yield . so it do have the ability depend on to adjust it grade distribution as the market change . Unidentified Analyst to some extent … Jenniffer Deckard now , obviously the grade be how it be build in the earth over the million of year . so , it do have a pretty nice degree of flexibility relatively speak . Unidentified Analyst okay , great .  it . it guess , one final little just kind of cleanup question , it think it previously have say that it have about 4,000 railcar on order by the end of 2016 , want to find out how much be on order for 2015 if that 4,000 number be correct and how much be now be defer sort of from the ‘ 15 and into the ‘ 16 and beyond ? Jenniffer Deckard it ’ a great question and it be certainly place a lot of focus on that , but it ’ not a simple answer . there be a couple of thing . so , it have those number of car be on order . it have defer some of those car , but also it have lease that expire on a staggered basis . so , it be manage on several front . so , one , as lease come due , it be allow some of it to expire which will offset some of the car come in . it have defer some of the car that be come in until later period and it be also manage it customer car . so , it kind of have three lever and so it ’ fluid . yes , it ’ actually change daily . so , it be in constant communication on all those front . so , it ’ a little hard to pin down even into the call , but it be work with supplier to help it push the delivery out into 2016 and 2017 to help well align with what appear to be demand trend . Unidentified Analyst okay ,  . it will turn it back . it next question come from the line of Irv Roa from NewMark Capital . it line be open . good ,  . it just want to hear it thought on customer try to lower it cost and use alternative to sand and the Wall Street Journal today have Statoil use , it do not know – it never hear this liquefy carbon - dioxide as an alternative for it just to opine on that ? it do not read the article . it can just say that CO2 foam job have be around for 40 , 50 year . it ’ a way to energize the frac fluid , so that it kind of get production uplift when it turn that well on . generally , it have be use in conjunction with frac sand if it be do it without a proppant it would have to understand that better . yes , it do not fully explain that in the article , just wonder .  . there be no further question at this time . presenter , it turn the call back to it . Jenniffer Deckard okay , great . so ,  it all for all of it question and importantly  it for it time today . and while it continue to progress through the cyclical downturn in the oil and gas market and while the near - term will continue to be challenge , let it leave it with one final thought . it remain very confident in the long - term fundamental of it market and it business model and it believe it be in a strong position to prosper as the market strength . the success of it customer be a top priority for it team and it be committed to help it to maximize efficiency and to reduce cost per BOE . Fairmount Santrol be well - position to remain it customer ’s partner of choice give it unmatched operational scale , it fully integrated logistic network , it track record of innovation and proven technology , and it strong and long - term customer relationship as well as it cultural foundation root in it commitment to sustainable development . so , it look forward to talk with it again soon and  it all for join it . have a great day . 