by now , everyone should have have access to the second quarter earning release , which go out this afternoon . the release be available on the Investor Relations section of Fairway 's website at fairwaymarket.com . this call be be webcast - ed , and the replay will be available on the company 's website as well . before it begin , it would like to remind everyone that the prepared remark contain forward - look statement , and management may make additional forward - look statement . these statement do not guarantee future performance , and therefore , undue reliance should not be place upon it . it refer all of it to the risk factor contain in Fairway 's annual report on Form 10-k file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29 , 2014 and the 10-Q file this afternoon . fairway assume no obligation to revise any forward - look statement that may be make in today 's release or call . in addition , with it new ceo and new Chief Merchandising Officer now onboard , Fairway 's senior management be in the process of conduct a review of all aspect of the company 's operation . because this review be in process and it do not want to comment prematurely , it will not take any question during this call . and with that , it would like to turn the call over to Jack . good afternoon , everybody . it be Jack Murphy , and it just want to let people know that it join the company on September 22 , and it be excited and really honor and humble to be take over at Fairway , which be an iconic brand in New York . and it have be at this for a very long time , and it start come to look at Fairway in 1985 and have continue to watch it progress and really feel excited to be now choose to be the ceo of the company at a very , very important time for Fairway . just a quick background for it . it start a long time ago , back in the ' 80 , with a company call Purity Supreme and Heartland Food Warehouse in New England , then decide that there be an opportunity in the natural and organic space and start a company call Fresh Fields in Washington , D.C. with it partner , Mark Ordan . and at that time , it grow it from 0 to 25 store and sell it to Whole Foods . at that time , who have 40 store . and then move on to a very interesting part of it life as a private equity operating partner for a company call McCown Deleeuw . and at that point , when it join the company , the firm have just purchase a small little fitness company call 24 Hour Fitness , have 30 club . and from that point forward until around 2004 -- it join the firm in 1997 and from 1997 to 2004 be the operating partner on that deal and work very closely with the ceo , Mark Mastrov , who really deserve all the credit for have build 24 Hour Fitness . but by the time it sell it , it have be build to the large fitness company in the world , 400 club in Western Mississippi , 120 in Scandinavia and 30 in Asia , and it sell it to Teddy Forstmann 's group in 2004 . it may just say , as a parenthetical , this be the third time that it flunk retirement . it have retire twice and now come back . it most recently be ceo of a grow and very , very viable company call Earth Fare , headquarter in Nashville , North Carolina , grow that from 10 , 11 store to now have 33 store open and 10 more store in the pipeline . and back in April , it retire for the third time . it finally have come out of retirement to take on this assignment and to really try to take Fairway to the next level of both growth , profitability and opportunity . it think the thing that really excite it the most be the uniqueness of Fairway , both it iconic reputation in the industry , it ability to really appeal to the customer base on many front , both with the conventional , organic , natural and specialty product that be really exceptional in each of the category that it serve . the near - term focus for it and the team here , it ; Ed Arditte ; Kevin McDonnell , who be the Chief Operating Officer ; and Dorothy Carlow , who be join as it Chief Merchandising Officer , be really pretty simple . it be go to really push hard on very detailed marketing and merchandising plan to build the same - store sale back , enhance the operate discipline in many area , most importantly in the area of shrink , labor and procurement , and to drive business process in the ordering and receive area . Fairway have a tremendously successful foundation . it have all of the right piece and part to really reach the next level of both profitability and growth . there be a lot of work to do here at Fairway , but there be also a tremendous amount of opportunity . it have a really fantastic , deep team , over 4,000 team member , many who have be with Fairway anywhere from 3 to 30 year . there be a commitment , a passion , an opportunity and a real opportunity to grow this company . although for the next few month , as Nico say , it be go to be make some really in - depth assessment , make some really good plan and then really drive the business forward . but it want to emphasize one important thing . the bone of this company be strong and good , and the opportunity for it in the short term and then in the long term be really what excite it about the opportunity to have another chance to build and help to build with a bunch of great people here a great company . it be not go to be take any question or -- at the end of this . it be premature for it , have only be here for 4 , 5 week , to really get into any depth . but as it go forward in future call , it think it will see that it be do a lot of good stuff , make a lot of improvement and really go to move the company in exactly the right direction . with that , it would turn it over to -- there be only one -- it would make one kind of final kind of thing for it . it be -- as it probably could tell if it say , " park the car , " it be a lifelong Bostonian who be now relocate to Manhattan with it wife . and have grow up a mile from Fenway Park , it be a little bit difficult for it to actually associate with some of the New York team here , but it be do the good it can . and it think this Bostonian be go to show these New Yorkers what it be like to have real win sport team , which , it be sure , be go to aggravate at least 3/4 of the people on the phone . so with that , it will turn it over to Ed and look forward to meet each of it , either individually or in an opportunity it be go to put together in the next few week for people to get together with it and Dorothy and the team , probably at it store on Broadway for a quick meet - and - greet . so it will have more to come and more to offer to everybody , but this be a strong , viable company that be really poise and will improve dramatically as it go forward . so Ed , it would turn the rest of it over to it at this point . Edward C. Arditte okay .  , Jack . good afternoon , everybody . let it start by say that it be pleased and excited to have Jack and Dorothy Carlow at Fairway . it have get to know both of it over the past few month and believe it have the -- not only the food retail expertise and experience but also the leadership to take Fairway to a high level of performance . the second quarter that it be report on today be a challenge for Fairway as the summer month often be for business with a large , perishable product mix like our . it do see improved result in September and early indication of the continuation of that improvement in October . it be encourage by what it be see and believe it be truly do the right thing to strengthen the company and improve it performance . now during the second quarter , sale increase approximately 6 % to $ 194 million compare to $ 183 million in the prior year . the increase in sale be drive by the contribution from it 3 new store , 1 that open during the second quarter of last year and 2 which open subsequent to that , include 1 that open during the second quarter of this current fiscal year . same - store sale for the quarter be down 3.9 % , drive by a decrease in comparable customer count of 3 % and a decrease in average basket size of 90 basis point compare to the second quarter last year . now exclude Red Hook in both period , same - store sale be down about 2.4 % in the second quarter compare to last year . next , the gross margin for the quarter decline 180 basis point on a year - over - year basis , drive by several item . the merchandise margin for the quarter be down 130 basis point , and that be primarily due to high shrink commodity cost inflation that it particularly feel in the meat category and certain other category and then target price reduction as well as a modest impact from a shift in store mix . as it mention , it have a very challenging July and August , particularly in the shrink area , which put downward pressure on it merchandise margin for the quarter . it be , however , please with September 's bounce - back performance , which show shrink improvement of approximately 70 basis point over the summer month . shrink management remain a key focus area for it and an opportunity , clearly , as it move forward . it gross margin be also adversely affect by approximately 50 basis point of high occupancy cost due to increase rent at some of it exist location and high occupancy cost as a percentage of sale at it new location as it ramp up to a high level of sale over time . also , as many of it know , White Rose , which have be one of it large supplier , enter into bankruptcy on September 9 in a bankruptcy court recently approve C&S Wholesale Grocers ' bid to purchase Associated Wholesalers and it subsidiary , which include White Rose . it continue to remain in close dialogue with a number of potential supplier but have not yet enter into a new contract . as a result of the White Rose bankruptcy , it accelerate the recognition of a vendor discount that it have previously defer . this add $ 1.2 million to it gross profit in the quarter . on the expense side , store expense in the quarter exclude depreciation and amortization be 21.9 % of sale , an increase of 10 basis point over the prior year . the increase in the store expense rate be primarily due to the 3 new store which be open during or subsequent to the second quarter of last year . however , for store open for both period , store expense exclude depreciation and amortization be 21.1 % of sale in the second quarter , which be a decrease of 40 basis point over the same period in the prior year . the low expense at exist store be primarily attributable to an increase in labor productivity and enhance cost discipline . during the second quarter , it sale per employee hour , the metric it use to measure labor productivity , be up nearly 10 % . it continue to believe that there be a number of area within the store where it can streamline and improve it operating performance . next , it Central Services expense increase $ 1.4 million or approximately 50 basis point year - over - year . as many of it know , this expense category can fluctuate quarter to quarter , but it continue to believe that it can manage Central Services to be a low percentage of sale over time . adjusted EBITDA for the quarter be $ 6.7 million , a decrease of $ 3.9 million from the $ 10.6 million that it have in last year 's second quarter . it guidance for adjust EBITDA in this quarter be $ 8 million to $ 8.5 million . the decrease in adjust EBITDA be primarily attributable to the low gross margin it just discuss , an increase in Central Services and low contribution from the Red Hook store . move on to a couple of other item . store opening cost for the second quarter be $ 2.7 million compare to $ 3.9 million in the second quarter of last year , and the production center startup cost be $ 1.7 million compare to $ 1.3 million in the prior year . approximately $ 1.3 million of the store opening and production center startup cost be noncash due to defer rent . interest expense for the quarter be $ 4.8 million , a slight decrease of about $ 200,000 , and approximately $ 1.3 million of it interest expense during the quarter be noncash . turn to the balance sheet . it end the quarter with approximately $ 49 million of liquidity , comprise of approximately $ 37 million of cash and $ 12 million of revolver availability . due to seasonality , the second quarter be typically the large cash drain during the year as a result of low - volume summer month . in addition , it incur capital spending for both it new store in Lake Grove and the production center . total CapEx for the quarter be $ 10.6 million , inclusive of $ 3.8 million in connection with Lake Grove and $ 5 million in connection with the new production facility . it be important to note it be also carefully manage the company 's cash position and liquidity and have almost $ 50 million of liquidity at the end of the second quarter . as note in the 10-Q that it file this afternoon , it be in compliance with all of it financial covenant . it be important for all of it to know that it have the opportunity to cure any possible covenant default if it be to occur in the future . it would also like to make a few additional announcement . it touch on it previously . first , it be suspend it guidance on a go - forward basis , include any previous guidance it have provide . as Nico say at the outset , it be actively review all operational activity in the company , and it believe that a halting guidance be the appropriate action for it at this point . it will update it from time to time as it move forward . secondly , as Jack note , it will be host a meet - and - greet reception at it Broadway store for member of the financial community that would like to meet Jack , Dorothy and the rest of the team . and it would encourage any of it that be interested in join it to please contact Nico if it would like to attend . it guess be it will do this over the next several week . 