in the first quarter , it average daily production be 13,200 barrel of oil equivalent , or boe , up 5 % from production in the first quarter of 2015 and down 5 % from the fourth quarter of 2015 . total Company first quarter production be 56 % liquid , but it Mid - Continent production be 71 % liquid or more specifically 50 % crude oil , 29 % natural gas and 21 % natural gas liquid . thus with the sale of it Appalachian Basin asset now complete it production profile will be more weighted to oil and natural gas liquid go forward . net production from the Mid - Continent area increase an average of 6,100 boe per day in the first quarter of 2016 compare to 5,900 boe per day in the first quarter of 2015 and decline slightly from 6,200 boe per day in the first quarter of 2015 . first quarter production come in at the low end of it guidance due to weather in Oklahoma that cause power outage which in turn effect it electro submersible pump or esp . many of it well be lift use esp that be not operable when it lose electricity which happen several time this quarter as a result of sphere weather in the Oklahoma City area . because these well produce both oil and water the water tend to build up quickly when the ESPs go down , it then take a few day to a few week to pump that water down and restore oil and gas production back to it previous level . it have also be replace some of the eps with commission [ ph ] pump mechanism to minimize these effect . production during the first quarter be negatively impact by approximately 600 boe per day for the quarter due to weather pump repair and a brief third party pipeline repair on the system service it [ indiscernible ] acreage . during the first quarter it drill the Holiday Road 2 - 1h well , it second operate well test the Meramec formation . it begin flow back on April 11 and be produce high volume of completion fluid with oil production slowly ramp up . although it be early it be encourage by the high volume of completion fluid be recover and initial crude oil and natural gas production . the continue movement of it 3,000 barrel per day for the total fluid be typically an indication of strong reservoir characteristic . it expect the well to reach peak production rate 60 to 90 day after initial flow back operation begin . the well be drill with the lateral length of 4,300 foot compare to it initial Meramec test of the Deep River which add a 5,100 foot lateral . despite the short lateral length it complete both well with 34 frac stage and approximately £ 12 million of profit . obviously it will be close monitor the impact of this more concentrated completion design on the well performance . it do expect to see a continuation of the trend of well well performance be positively correlate with completion intensity . despite the large number of completion stage the Holiday Road well be drill and complete for approximately $ 4.5 million substantially below it original budget of $ 5.5 million and the actual cost of the Deep River well at $ 6.5 million . contribute to the cost saving be fast drilling time , a low day rate for the rig and other ancillary service along with low cost per stage for the completion of work . include in it cost be approximately $ 520,000 to fish out coil tube that become stuck while drill out frac plug . it do not expect to incur those cost on ongoing basis in future well . use a 4 million drilling complete cost assumption in it 705,000 boe Meramec type curve , this well would be project to generate a 61 % internal rate of return at current strip price . it Deep River Meramec well continue to perform in line with it tight curve and as expect . as it have mention on previous call third party operate activity have continue to de - risk the stack play around it acreage with it well demonstrate solid economic . it be important to understand that the surround operator be de - risk not only the Meramec formation , but also the Osage , Oswego and Woodford formation . very prolific well in each of those formation have be drill near or within it acreage footprint in Kingfisher and canadian county . these activity be conformation of the multiple pay zone that exist on it acreage and the strong return that can be generate through explore each perspective formation . it have decide to with draw it effort to market a portion of it Mid - Continent asset , mainly approximately 26,000 net undeveloped acre locate primarily in Canadian County . it launch to this marketing effort be concurrent with several compete package most of which be large and substantially more developed in it asset . while there be interest in it acreage many of the potential buyer want to evaluate the more developed package on the market . as it asset be fill in it early stage further consolidation of acreage combine with future operate and non - operated drilling activity within and near this acreage should quickly de - risk it position result in a more attractive asset to potential buyer in the future . it will reevaluate the potential divesture as this package clear the market and offsite activity continue to de - risk it asset . it will now turn over to Mike for an update on financial and it will return with a few further remark .  Russ , and  . as usual , it will detail some of the highlight from yesterday ’s news release and provide some additional explanation on a few item and review guidance . for datum by - area of operation , please refer to the press release and it quarterly report on Form 10-Q file yesterday . start with the top line . first quarter 2016 revenue from the sale of oil , condensate natural liquid and natural gas , exclude the effect of hedging , be $ 14.5 million . this be down 40 % from first quarter of 2015 due to a 43 % decrease in weighted average realize price per barrel of oil equivalent , slightly offset by a 6 % increase in total production . as a percentage of total production , crude oil and ngl be 27 % and 29 % respectively bring it total liquid production for the first quarter to 56 % . these production percentage include Marcellus and utica production , property which it complete the sale of on April 8 . revenue from liquid as a percentage of total revenue , exclude hedging , be 72 % . before the impact of hedge per boe pricing be $ 12.07 for the first quarter compare to $ 21.28 for the same period in 2015 and 13.82 in the fourth quarter of 2015 . commodity derivative contract that be settle during the first quarter increase it average realize price for equivalent by $ 5.64 or 47 % from $ 12.07 to $ 17.71 per boe , this compare to prior year first quarter , when hedge impact increase price by 25 % from 21.28 to 26.54 and to the fourth quarter 2015 , when hedge increase price by $ 6.02 or 44 % from $ 13.82 to 19.84 per boe . in the first quarter 2016 it monetize all of it hedge position cover April 30 , 2016 through July 31 , 2016 , for net proceed of 3.1 million , there by accelerate the second quarter hedge benefit into the first quarter . the majority of proceed derive be from monetize oil foot spread in three way , it be at it maximum in the money value as the front month oil price be $ 37.14 at the time of monetization . early monetization assure it maximum hedge value , should product price improve , which have be the case regard oil price . on April 29 when the oil price -- oil price of future [ ph ] improve to $ 45.92 it add a 1,500 barrel per day costless collar at 40/53 . to assure U.S. price protection on oil for the period April to July 2016 . it also liquidate natural gas in North East out of the money basis hedge in contemplation of West Virginia property sale that close early April . it continue to maintain an active hedge program cover estimate of future production , it can find complete detail of it current hedge position post on it website . it expense be generally in line with it guidance except that taxis come in on the low end and these operating expense be on the high end . as Russ mention , it have an unusually high amount of down time associate weather , esp and work over activity which drive high LOE pre - barrel produce in the first quarter . move to the bottom line , adjust net loss for the quarter be 17.07 million or a loss of 0.22 per share , exclude the impact of a 48.5 million noncash pretax seal and testing [ ph ] imperilment charge , a 6.5 million loss result from the mark to market of outstanding hedge position , 275,000 of non - recurring cost relate it Mid - Continent acquisition and 537,000 of severance cost relate to appalachian property divestment . this compare to adjust net loss of 7.3 million or 0.09 per share in a prior year and to an adjusted net loss of 12.6 million or a loss of 0.016 per share in the fourth quarter of 2015 . first quarter 2016 adjust EBITDA be 10.7 million a decrease of 47 % compare to 20 million a year ago , quarterly adjusted cash flow from operation be 164,000 or $ 0.00 per share versus 9 million or 0.12 per share a year ago . the detail for these non GAAP financial matter be include in yesterdays new release . now it will turn to guidance , second quarter 2016 production be expect to be between 6,000 and 6,400 barrel of oil equivalent per day , with total liquid as a percentage of production in the range of 68 % to 72 % . a mid - point increase from first quarter Mid - Continent actually reflect the return of wehlu production to normal production level and natural decline . as it mention earlier it cash out it second quarter hedge in the first quarter , so the only hedge impact it will have in the second quarter will be relate to the costless power oil hedge it add in April . detailed information on it second quarter guidance regard cash expense be available in it press release . as a reminder effective March 9 , 2016 , it revolving credit facility prohibit the payment of cash dividend on it prefer stock commence April 2016 . accordingly it seize payment on dividend on it Series A and Series B prefer stock in April . dividend on the Series A and Series B prefer stock will accumulate regardless of whether any such dividend be declare . regard it liquidity , at March 31 , 2016 it have approximately 27 million in available cash and cash equivalent and a 179.6 million in borrowing outstanding and 370,000 in letter of credit issue under it revolving credit facility . subsequent to quarter end on April 08 , it complete the sale of it Appalachian Basin asset for an adjust sale price , of 76.6 million . in connection with the sale it borrowing base be reduce to 100 million as previously negotiate with it lender and it pay down it debt by 80 million use primarily the sale proceed to reduce it outstanding borrowing . it have approximately 20 million in cash available today and it have no availability remain under it revolving credit facility . in close it have sufficient liquidity to make it upcoming interest payment and carry out it remain limited plan 2016 capital program . it acknowledge that liquidity be type , but it have control it capital expenditure with capital spending in Q2 estimate to be only 3 million . control over expenditure couple with improve oil price should allow it to navigate the tight liquidity while assess all possible source of additional liquidity . now it will turn it back to Russ for final comment .  it , Mike . recent improvement in commodity price will have an impact on gas as it move forward with approximately 50 % of it current production volume attribute to crude oil and 21 % natural gas liquid be nicely leverage increase oil price . although it can generate well cash flow and more acceptable margin at recently improve price it currently plan to maintain it limited capital plan for 2016 . it also continue to evaluate all potential avenue from prove liquidity and reduce leverage . it stack play asset contain over 3,500 gross drilling location and 5 prove formation with attractive economic in today 's commodity price environment . there be several stack property be market that should help establish it valid comparative valuation for it asset . it do have valuable asset of [ indiscernible ] to manage through the bad of this cycle and with this strong under pin value should allow it to manage through recovery , even a slow commodity price recovery . that conclude it prepared remark . at this time it be ready for question . question - and - answer session at this it will be conduct a question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Mike Kelly with Seaport Global . please proceed with it question . Russ a question for it , it think it be easy for it financial guy and it be probably wrong to look at a rate on the Holiday Road well , 49 barrel a day , three week into production here and dismiss that as a pretty mediocre well at best . the question be , be there a president here in the area where it could be at such a rate three week in and 90 day from now it be ultimately peak at a 1,000 barrel a day and it really on a trajectory to knock out a 700,000 barrel EUR well .  . it certainly see some of it hunting well perform like that , what it see be it have well that would come on very rapidly , like the Deep River do once it start make oil and it have have well that have have very slow gradual increase like this . really do not seem to be very well correlate with ultimately eur , so it have every expectation that the Holiday Road well will improve and get to the point where it be substantially similar to it Deep River well . the thing about the Holiday Road well that be much different than Deep River be that it be move a lot more volume and a sign of some very good permeability . it be be as high as over 4,000 barrel of completion fluid a day which it never see rate anywhere similar to that with Deep River well . okay , great . appreciate that . and then the question on the acreage it have for sale and just curious on a number of thing here , one just in term of just the quality of that acreage like it thought there , may be compare it to what it have up North in the stack and just curious to why this really have not be develop by the industry today . it mention the activity be really kind of come down this way , anyway it could quantify that it think that would be helpful . and then just finally the thought on this , if this -- if it do get prove up by industry , do it ultimately put this back on the market and how should it think about evaluation here , it see [ indiscernible ] come out with and sell new field yesterday 10,000 an acre , be this potentially in that ballpark to get such as figure ?  . okay hope it will answer everything it ask here . as far as activity , during it sale process it do have some activity within the footprint of it holding there one of the private operator in the area drill the well that unfortunately have some mechanical issue and it complete it it think sub optimally and that well come on make oil and gas with a substantial amount of water . so that really hurt the process as it be into it and with some very poor timing for the drilling result to come out . there be activity move into this acreage and in fact that same private operator have pull it where two or three well location around that original well , it have the mud log , it have an interest in that well , it have the mud log , it have all the drilling record , there be ample show , the rock look very good . in fact the rock in canadian county and the Meramec have get much high matrix porosity than it see anywhere in the northern portion of the play , anywhere and near the Deep River or the Holiday Road well . so from the rock standpoint it do with very good down there . new field , some of the other operator be continue to push the play in that direction sort of southeast from where some of it original operation be and then it have get activity come at it from the south , it have get this -- it think it be call it the merge or something like that , the area between this scoop for the southwest and the stack be get more and more active and it be see activity sort of approach it from the south also . as far as market that property again it will have to just see what condition and market dictate if it be able to address it liquidity sufficiently , it would love to keep those asset , further de - risk it with some drilling of it own and then possibly put it back on the market either as a standalone type effort or as a part of market it entire position at some point . it next question come from Ron Mills with Johnson Rice . please proceed with it question . just may be a follow up on the Holiday Road well , it do not know exactly what the peak level of fluid be at the Deep River produce but , if it be produce somewhere in the upper 2,000 to 3,000 barrel of fluid , at what point of the fluid production do it start see oil ? it guess it be try to get the sense as to if at a similar level of fluid , be it yet see oil production of be this early than that comparable well ? it have see it a lot earlier than the other well , it do not see oil production on the Deep Road until it get down to about 2,000 barrel of completion fluid a day and it be still up in the 2,800 - 2,900 barrel a day range , right now on the Holiday Road . like it say it have see oil sooner , it ’ ramp up slower , but it definitely see it sooner on the Holiday Road well and it got to remember with a short lateral , but with 34 state , 12 million pound of profit , almost 13 million pound of propane [ ph ] and the amount of slick water it use , 300 -- it use 372,000 barrel versus 340,000 barrel on the Deep River . it physically just push that oil a long way away from the well boar as part of the completion . it have very intensely complete this oil , it have obviously create a lot of permeability because of the flow rate , so now it ’ -- it just need to be patient , get more that completion fluid produce back off of the reservoir and the oil and gas will come in . have it not be for the fact that it would , this happen on a quarter , it would not have release these type of rate shift , because it be just not indicative of what it think the well ’s ultimately peak will be and what the ER should be judge on . so it ’ very early to try to call that will , one way or the other . and then Mike on the liquidity side , in term like the remain capex that it have for the year , a lot of it be , it ’ fairly discretionary in nature , be that correct ? wrong , yes this be Mike . obviously at this point from the drilling and completion stand point the focus will be on , non - operated activity that it want to participate , so it can all the well information as it continue to de - risk it acreage position . now the percentage that it elect to participate , it can dial it down if necessary , still get all the complete information on the log , well production , et cetera on there . so that portion which be the majority of it drilling capital remain budget be very scalable . and then on the land side it be a little heaver , in expenditure for the first quarter as the guy be get the renewal do will it continue to have success on renewal , but it have slow that down not get quite as far in front of exportation as it have previously be do . great , and then also on the canadian sale as it relate to the new field transaction yesterday , can it maybe compare and contrast some of the thing in term of it acreage down there be a little bit more blocky , all though activity be just move towards it and on the adjust peak [ ph ] package at least in Kingfishers , it be a little bit more spread out , from a marketing stand point , so what be some of the benefit of the lay out of the package ? it mean the big difference between the two package be , ours be a fairly contiguous blocky position , that ’ not as develop . there ’ about 90 % hold by production , mostly because of old stripper well so , it understand , how that make it attractive . if those be not big working interest in it , the lease that it have , so it ’ just the different animal . Ours be blocky , high working interest , not as develop . it be scatter but more developed and hold by production . Most of it acreage be in Kingfisher and in the Blaine County , the geology on most of it acreage be very similar to the geology from the thickness and a depth perspective as the good portion of it Kingfisher position . so the rock be probably very similar , it ’ just set up differently as far as the scale and the size . okay then on the , on just the way the slack get lay out between go from all the way through the -- from the Oswego , all the way down through the Hunton , especially as it move up north through it position , as -- how be the overall thickness of the Meramec change or do it change between formation , it be think osage versus the Meramec . it ’ a pretty subtle geological picture there Ron , as it move north across it -- from south to north across it northern position , it go from about 250 to 300 foot of Meramec and a similar thickness of osage to the Meramec thin as it get that two - third of way across it acreage position , but at that point it osage have thicken up to in excess of 500 foot . so , maybe it have confuse people , maybe it have make this a little bit more complicated than it need to be , it should just call everything stack and leave it at that , but as it Meramec thin , it osage be thicken , it osage be also source from the same Woodford . north it position it have get very good osage completion by Chaparral and grow activity north of it position in the Osage . so as it look across it acreage , every acre have get multiple formation that be go to be in perspective on it and if it be just focus on what people like the think of the stack right now , which be with Meramec - Osage series , it have get almost a 1,000 location across those just those formation . so it be a very it think attractive position that it have be able to build up . it next question come from Kim Pacanovsky with Imperial Trust . please proceed with it question . Russ it say and detail some of the non - op de - risk activity that be take place and will take place in it canadian county acreage for south region and it also say operate activity . so can it tell it what it think a timeline be for , in the past to get to the point of put a well on that acreage ? it be as soon as it be able to address some additional liquidity , than it have a very tightly develop capital program to proceed with that be design to de - risk each one of the formation across it acreage . one of the well that it have in that eight or nine well plan be a well that will test with Meramec in the central portion of it Canadian County holding . when it look at the activity that be move from the northwest to that down towards it , towards the southeast and if it put that type well in the middle of it holding along with the 100s of well that it have from a long perspective it have datum on , it be pretty easy to map this point out and what it have find be that even though it can have surround activity be very good that asset buyer put a lot more weight on operated well that be within it be -- on it acreage or within it control . so it plan be to -- as soon as it make sense to go down there and drill an operate Meramec well , but it also have some extremely good upper and low Hunton prospect or acreage to drill down there along with the fact that another private company [ indiscernible ] have just drill some very good Osage well immediately north of it Canadian County position . so it be push the Osage further down then it be be show to be productive in the past and into an area where it have get the Osage over some relatively thin Woodford and it be work very well . so , like it say this be early in this play and there be a lot of confirmation that can be do it will not say validation because it already know the oil there and it know the rock there and it ’ just confirmation . and on look at Payrock and it have drill over 30 well and it be it think it be all short lateral well it be all about lateral and New Field [ ph ] obviously be drill long lateral and it know it can not speak for either of it , but it know it also see datum . so look at it result what do it think be the right way to develop this asset ? with a lot of money . what it be see be that it think the economic on the one - mile lateral be probably slightly superior to the long lateral , and that be not in any way say that when it look at New Fields do with it cost that be not in any way say that it be not do what make sense for it position , but it would look at take a finite amount of capital and spread it out over as many well as possible , drill well that cost $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million be a lot more logical for it than drill well that may cost $ 6 million to $ 8 million . so it be -- it think the economic be good , the result be good and it allow it to get more well drill . okay , and then a question for Mike . Mike can it just comment on the cash g&a. it seem like the guidance be quite high compare to the previous quarter or the previous few quarter actually ? yes , it be up slightly obviously with production go down it really only have termination and so forth in the West Virginia office , there will be a little more of that come through in the second quarter such that it be complete early April . it be try to get it G&A down as low as it can , when historically it have never be a company that have excess people or cost , so there be only so much it can kind of reduce on that end . but it be go to work hard to make it trend down as it go more into the year . it next question come from Will Derrick with SunTrust . please proceed with it question . and it guess first question on Holiday Road , what the D&C cost , on that well ? it have get 4.5 million in it and as it mention $ 500,000 for that be relate to some fishing cost , it have to fish some , coil tube out of the well , it be drill out the plug . so it recur cost on that drilling complete be $ 4 million . okay  and also for the year , in the initial budget , it all allocate some capital for lease maintenance across the whole position . it guess can it give it some more color on that , where it stand today , what ’ it expectation be for the rest the year and what exploration could be it show in next ? it will let Mike to give it detail , so it think it spend around $ 8 million in the first quarter on land and leasing and Mike it want to pick it up from there . and then it -- look at Ancohuma , it spend about $ 6.8 million . so that leave it right now think from the drilling stand point it will spend another 6.6 again , the focus to that will be the scalable , non - operate well participation and then look at about 12 million on land . so from that stand point , it will actually probably be down a little bit , it have not make formal reference that it kind keep in a budget there , but as it say it will probably lean to the low end and maybe it can drive it down further . [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from Steve Berman with Canaccord Genuity . please proceed with it question . Russ may have partially answer it at least , but it be look it Slide 10 in it recent presentation , with the 10 non - operated budgeted sack well . how many those be actually in the book right now and it be curious as to who it be or what other operator it be generate partner up with , it mean it sound like it would be a mix of Meramec and some of the other formation . yes , it mean some of the operator be [ indiscernible ] New field of course . it have get upcoming well with SummerX Continental [ ph ] in addition to those guy , as far as it be not sure what it mean by in the book -- . more like have it already accept afe on any of these it guess it how it be [ Multiple Speakers ] ? it have prove afe on it and it think on the eight so far . yes correct . and then , sorry . and those be -- those also include Oswego , it get Osage , Meramec and Oswego non - op well that will be participate in the upcoming month . and then it other question be on , it know a lot of this be depend on how well the Holiday Road well do , but base on this current budget can it keep production flattish in the second half of the year in the Mid - Con , with what it be spend here ? [ multiple Speakers ] well it give guidance for q2 and with reflect that ’s in it budget , it be just not in a position to give guidance past the next quarter right now . it next question come from Jason Wangler with Wunderlich . please proceed with it question . it be just curious , Mike it kind hit on the think on Wills question about the lease , just as it look at the year go with that 12 million leave , do it have an idea ? be that pretty spread out throughout the year and this kind a curious the term of those extension or renewal , what it be see there in term of , what kind of term it guy be get . it will speak to the timing expenditure , as it mention early land be kind of front end load , some of the renewal and extension , that ’ why it expenditure be a little heavy in the first quarter . as it have mention in it remark , in the second quarter it be look to spend about $ 3 million , about 1.2 million of that ’ drill on these non - op participation and reminder of that be really land renewal . obviously then that will leave a pretty heavy weighting of that 12 million remain in the third and fourth quarter . it can not , it do not know if it want to speak the term that it be renew anything , Russ ? no , it would rather not . fine , it mean , it be not look for the pricing , rather it just -- be it possible to stand on the actual amount of time it get it guess , of be that something that it do not want necessarily to close . close number of three year , and some be with three year with two year kicker . yes it be not ask the certain the cost , obviously that ’ still some in the work . okay guy it appreciate , it will turn the back . it next question come from Ron Mills with Johnson Rice . please proceed with it question . it follow up be relate to it position and it know last week New Field or maybe early this week update it presentation and highlight 24 well in what it call it northern stack , which look a lot close to it position . how do -- any comment there for it and then secondly , in term of thickness and what be it expectation be , how do it acreage compare to that area that turn in the solid result for it ? New Field have drill really up to it lease line , from the south maybe north and now have it pretty well surround on the entire southwest corner of it position with very good well . it highlight some well that be just to the south of it . in that area it see Meramec , it see 200 foot to 250 foot of Meramec and it see 300 foot to 350 foot of osage there . so there be definitely multiple venture . so it be follow what New Field ’s do with multiple venture and what space to it very closely and it be have not a lot of success . it would say that it acreage there in the 188 to 189 range , in the 186 to 187 look very , very similar to what New Field be drill . good . and then as it mention it have -- once it address the liquidity it have kind of a nine well program in mind . do some of that activity locate more in that portion of it acreage ? yes it do have couple of well schedule in that area to drill not immediate offset to where New Field have drill , but to drill three to four mile away from some of it well well . but it have get acreage between it well and where it would drill ours . so yeah it would think it will be fairly easy to confirm a big swap of it acreage through it , with one or two well result . 