for the first quarter of 2015 , it report a net loss of $ 57 million or $ 0.35 per diluted share compare to net income of $ 20 million or $ 0.12 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2014 . the first quarter 2014 include a $ 15 million charge for early retirement of debt . it be face challenge time at it industry and it be confront these challenge head - on . as previously announce , it cold stack five domestic rig during the first quarter , this ring a total number of rig , it have cold stack this cycle to nine . it be currently market nine rig in the U.S. with six rig fully crude . as of today , four of it domestic rig be work . there be currently 19 jack - up be market in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico , with just 10 under contract today . this be the low level of demand it have see since the early day of the offshore industry . the swift drop in commodity price along with customer consolidation have combine to create a very difficult market in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico . it expect to see continued pressure on both utilization and day rate , particularly , as it enter the hurricane season . it have take proactive step to right size it business it business to the current market environment . and it will continue to diligently watch it cost without compromise the safe and reliable service it provide to it customer . Troy will go in more detail on it cost reduction effort but these action will allow it to deliver significant operating cost saving while still maintain some capacity in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico that can respond quickly when market condition improve . move on with the international drilling segment . over this month , it announce the five - year contract on the Hercules 260 work for Eni in West Africa . the day rate start just 75,000 per day and could rise up to 125,000 per day base on oil price . this be a good contract in a difficult environment , and it be very pleased this rig will have a home for the next five year . the link oil price allow it to give it some concession to it customer when oil price be low , but to participate in the upside when oil price recover . the 260 contract be only one of a handful of new international contract sign year - to - date . so far this year , there have only be 21 new contract sign outside of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico compare to 43 over the same period last year . the limited number of new contract , couple with the addition of new build enter the market have lead to a decline in industry utilization . over the past year , utilization for the marketed jack up fleet outside of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico have fall from 96 % to 86 % . while it be unlikely if no new jack up contract or extension be award for the rest of this year , international utilization rate could fall to less than 50 % by year - end . base on the combination and the number of rig that have contract expire during 2015 , and in addition to the 54 new build jack up delivery , only three of which have contract . this lack of activity , couple with an increase in rig availability have make it challenging to find new work for international rig . the Hercules 267 recently finish a job in West Africa and it be currently market the rig in the region . the Hercules 208 complete it campaign in India mid - February and have mobilize to Malaysia to warm stack . there be a long - term tender for a mat - support rig that come out of India soon which the 208 will be well - suit for . but the tender will be competitively price . the Hercules Triumph have complete it shipyard state , it ’ now fully operative for work in the Central North Sea . there be some opportunity in the North Sea but it will all be very competitive . it have a competitive bid on the Triumph in the region , which if successful , could start in mid-2015 . outside of this opportunity , it be in discussion with other operator in the region . although start date for these opportunity be likely to slip to later in to 2015 , be push to 2016 . the Resilience be idle in Gabon today . it be aggressively market rig in West Africa and elsewhere around the world . it three rig in the Middle East continue to work for Aramco and perform well . as it have previously disclose , it receive the notice of termination for the Hercules 261 , which be effective March 27 . it have since receive an extension will keep the rig on contract though April 30 . it have maintain a productive dialogue with Aramco throughout this process and be hopeful it will be able to come to an agreement that will keep all three rig work for Aramco for many year . however , it be still in the middle of that discussion and nothing have be finalize . and it can not comment any further at this point . it will say that it understand and value it long - term relationship . it have be consistently provide Aramco with quality service since first work for it in 2009 . it will , of course , give the market an update as soon as it finalize it future plan . finally , construction on the Hercules Highlander be progress on schedule , and it be work with Maersk very closely to oversee that process . the queue be lay on the 4th March and hollow block be be erect in the dry dock , which be progress ahead of schedule . fabrication of the combination block as well as the cantilever and drill floor have begin . and the artist work over 530,000 man hour without a recordable incident . Jurong have be do a great job for it . overall , it have complete about 22 % of that project scope and be exactly where it want to be , on track for delivery in April of 2016 . it meet with Maersk Senior Management regularly as it operating group . Maersk continue to affirm it commitment to the development of the [ ph ] Culzean Field , where the rig will be work in the importance of it relationship . it look forward to put this rig to work for it on time and on budget . move on to International Liftboats business , utilization for it liftboat in Nigeria remain weak , as the low commodity price and report 30 % to 40 % capex reduction at NNPC , the Nigerian National Oil Company , have severely impact activity in the region . it customer who partner with NNPC have , in turn , look to it for price concession . it recently agree to a 10 % pricing discount with a major customer in Nigeria . it remain guarded with it utilization expectation . two of it large boat in West Africa , the Bull Ray and Tiger Shark spend most of the first quarter in shipyard be now available for work . on the positive side , Nigeria have recently complete it presidential election with the peaceful transition of power . it view this as a positive for the long - term political climate , but near - term activity could remain low as the new administration transition into it new role . in the Middle East , it have two vessel that spend time in the shipyard during the first quarter . Kingfish finish it yard stay in late February , and be now back to work . and the Amberjack would complete it liftboat later next month with some prospect for near - term work . so far , activity level and inquiry for liftboat in the Middle East have stay resilient , despite the drop in oil price . that conclude it review of worldwide operating condition . as it can tell from it remark , 2015 will clearly be challenge . it sense it will take some time for activity level to recover even if oil price rebound later this year . in this environment , it will seek utilization wherever there be work . it be make significant effort to right - size it cost structure . over the course of the last several month , it have cold - stack nine rig and implement a number of other measure to reduce it spending . a global workforce have be reduce by almost 40 % . the personnel decision have be very difficult as these be it friend and colleague , it have contribute to the success of it business over the past several year . but unfortunately , these be action it have to take . it will continue to aggressively look for way to reduce it spending but not at the expense of it safety performance or it operating efficiency which it customer have come to expect . year - to - date , it have have a loss time incident and it liftboat fleet be operate over two year incident - free . it only control the safety of it people and it cost , and it be do both very well . it have see the benefit of these cost control effort in it first quarter result and expect continue improvement this year , which Troy will provide a further guidance on it remark . with that lead in , let it turn the call over to Troy .  it , John , and  . as normal , it comment today will focus on a sequential comparison of it quarterly result . it will also provide an update to it operating cost and capital spending guidance before open the call for Q&A. for the first quarter , it report a net loss of $ 57.1 million $ 0.35 per share . this compare to an adjusted net loss of $ 37.1 million or $ 0.23 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014 , which exclude an impairment charge of $ 117 million or $ 0.73 per share relate to the cold stacking of five rig in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico . ebitda for the first quarter question and ANSWER section approximately $ 7.3 million , down from fourth quarter ebitda of $ 35.5 million , exclude the previously mention impairment charge . the decline in EBITDA be drive low utilization and day rate . however , it be pleased to see the continue impact of it cost reduction measure . it have show significant improvement in it operating cost in the first quarter with a 23 % reduction from fourth quarter level and a 29 % decline year - over - year and it will continue to monitor it cost structure and push for great efficiency wherever possible . move on to it segment result begin with domestic offshore . the segment report operate income of $ 3.8 million , down from fourth quarter adjust operating income of $ 12.8 million , which again exclude the aforementioned asset impairment charge . the decline be drive by low average day rate and utilization , partially offset by reduce operating expense . average revenue per day decrease to $ 99,000 in the first quarter from $ 106,000 per day in the previous quarter . it end the first quarter with five Hero market rig versus the prior quarter and utilization of those market rig decline to 60 % compare to 64 % in the fourth quarter . domestic offshore operating expense decline 39 % to $ 36 million from $ 59.3 million in the fourth quarter . operating cost be below it prior guidance , largely reflect great saving on labor and repair and maintenance expense drive by the cold stacking of four rig early in the fourth quarter and five additional rig earlier this year . it expect to see further realize cost saving relate to the cold and warm - stack rig in it domestic fleet as some of these cost reduction measure can take 60 to 90 day before it be fully reflect in it result . as discuss on it last call , by cold stack it domestic rig , it can lower the operating cost per rig to approximately $ 2,000 to $ 2,500 per day down from almost 40,000 per day for a full crude market rig . in addition , it can reduce the cost on the warm stack rig to around $ 7,500 to $ 9,000 per day as these rig will carry a much small crew complement . as it have do in past cycle , it will continue to push for improvement in it spending efficiency and it can see further reduction in it operation cost but borrow the stacking of additional marketed rig , the large impact have already be reflect in it result over the past two quarter . with that in mind , it expect domestic offshore operating cost to be in the low to mid $ 30 million range during the second quarter . it international offshore segment report an operating loss of $ 20.9 million compare to a loss of $ 11 million in the fourth quarter . average day rate increase to 150,000 in the first quarter from 132,000 in the prior quarter due in part to the demobilization fee of $ 4.5 million receive for the Hercules 208 follow it contract conclusion as well as full quarter realization of high day rate on the Hercules 261 and 262 as it roll the new contract in the fourth quarter of 2014 . utilization decrease to 48 % from 67 % in the fourth quarter drive by the Hercules 208 come off contract in February . idle time on the Hercules resilience and schedule time down for equipment recertification on the Hercules 262 . operating expense decline slightly to $ 50.2 million from $ 54 million in the fourth quarter . first quarter expense be in line with guidance and include approximately $ 2 million of cost associate with the mobilization of the Hercules 208 from India to Malaysia . it expect international offshore operating cost to remain in the mid $ 40 million to low $ 50 million range for the second quarter . turn to it Liftboat segment . the segment report an operating loss of $ 400,000 compare to operate income of $ 1 million in the fourth quarter , impact largely by downtime for schedule maintenance on it large vessel , partially offset by low operating cost . average revenue per day decrease to $ 23,000 from $ 28,000 , largely due in part to a shift in revenue mix to small vessel . utilization decline slightly to 38 % from 41 % . operating expense decline by 17 % to $ 13.5 million from $ 16.1 million in the previous quarter , primarily drive by cost reduction measure relate to it shore - base operation . second quarter operating expense be expect to be in the $ 14 million to $ 16 million range . move on to other income statement and cash flow item . general and administrative expense for the first quarter be $ 15.8 million , slightly below it previous guidance and an improvement from it 2014 average of almost $ 19 million per quarter . it expect G&A to be in the $ 15 million to $ 17 million range for the second quarter . depreciation and amortization expense decline to $ 37.2 million from $ 42.8 million in the fourth quarter , reflect low depreciation from the rig it recently impair in the Domestic Offshore segment . it expect depreciation to be just under the $ 40 million range for the second quarter . interest expense be stable at $ 25 million , and it expect second quarter to be at similar level . move on to income taxis . in the first quarter , it have cash taxis total $ 3.5 million . all of this be due to it operation in foreign jurisdiction . look forward , it cash taxis could fluctuate dramatically , depend on it revenue and the country where it operate . for the second quarter , it be currently estimate cash taxis in a similar range or slightly below it first quarter level . capital and dry - docking expenditure be approximately $ 31 million during the first quarter . for the remainder of this year , it expect to spend between $ 90 million and $ 100 million which be in line with it previous guidance . with respect to it balance sheet and liquidity , it end the first quarter with $ 218 million of cash in equivalence and $ 143 million of availability under it $ 150 million revolving credit facility . earlier this month , it make interest payment total $ 32 million and it cash balance today stand at approximately $ 180 million . in May , it will make the next installment payment on the Hercules Highlander which be approximately $ 24 million . cash collection from receivables be strong again in the first quarter . cash generation from work capital total $ 56 million during the quarter . it expect work capital to remain as a source of cash in the second quarter but the amount will moderate as it business begin to stabilize at low revenue level . finally , it continue to evaluate several option to enhance the ability of the company to handle the current industry downturn and put it in the good position for future growth . while it have many path open to it today , it recognize that some of these choice be only available for a finite time . but it have not yet decide on the course of action . and because of that , it do not have any detail to discuss in it prepared remark nor in the Q&A. what it will say be it have historically keep strong liquidity through it all part of the cycle . it focus now be on maintain a strong liquidity position , understand that it absolute debt level and carry cost of that debt as well as the uncertainty in it business go forward be significant determinant of what the appropriate level of liquidity should be for it business . with that , it be now ready to open the call for question . operator ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Praveen Narra from Raymond James . please proceed with it question . hey .  , guy . it guy have do a real good job in manage cost , particularly , on it domestic side . and it mention the difficulty and potential for very low utilization from an industry standpoint , internationally . so , it guess be there a difference in what it would need to see the cold stack international rig versus the decision from a domestic rig standpoint ? yes . it think , it will look as it be with the two rig a good example . it have work come forward look like have an operator that need on that rig , so it will continue to keep the rig warm stack , and it will just – it ’ an evolve process . it be very fluid . if it look out and see opportunity then it will continue to keep the rig in a position where it can respond to a bid . but if it wake up one day , and it look like there be go to be a dearth of opportunity for the foreseeable future , it will make it the step to cold stack . likewise , with the 267 in West Africa , the same situation , it ’ a fluid market . there be opportunity some be short - term , some have a little long - term , but as long as it see potential opportunity , it will manage that warm stack cost but it will not go to cold stack . okay . it think the last time it talk about the Triumph and Resilience start up in mid - to - late 2015 . any update on the timing or discussion on rig and if it could , any update on day rate expectation ?  it . it think it be consistent with what be on it prepared remark . it have opportunity that could start mid-2015 , if it miss those , it could be late 2015 or into 2016 before it go to work . day rate expectation be go to be low than maybe it have see recently . it think the market be get very competitive right now . as it walk through the number , in it prepared remark , there be not be many new job . there be be some extension , but as far as incremental demand , it be be almost over half of what it be last year at this time , and it have about 180 jackup this year roll off primary term with the contract . so , it ’ a very competitive market . great .  it for the color [ indiscernible ] . operator : and it next question come from the line of Roland Morris from Cowen & Company . please proceed . hey , guy .  for take it question . it guess it just want to extend a little bit more on the cost side . but as far as internationally , be there significant difference in where it can get those cost to assume that it do have to cold stack any of the rig on that side ? it know , obviously , it give it a pretty good breakdown of the domestic . but just really , kind of what the process would be and what it would look like from a cost reduction standpoint because those international cost be a little bit higher , obviously , than the domestic cost at this point ? exactly . it hit round the head . as far as domestically , it have it cluster stack rig where it can really drop cost down with low manning , take care of different rig and a number of rig . internationally where it have the one - off stack , take the 208 , for example , it think that it could get that down to the $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 range fully cold stack . but it really depend where it stack , good in Malaysia . in West Africa , it would be slightly ahead of that . okay .  , Troy . and then , in term of kind of the milestone payment on the Highlander , it know it say $ 24 million in May and then , ultimately , when it take delivery of the rig , give the current environment and contract cancellation , rate reduction , just conversation and generally , kind of where thing seem to be go from that side , what be the opportunity for financing link to that contract and what ’ that go to look like when it guy do take delivery of the rig . yeah . it think it ’ too early to tell exactly how that ’ go to look . it mean , certainly , it be have conversation with project finance team and other opportunity . it think there be a market . it ’ yet to be determine what the pricing will look on that and the amount . but it be confident that by delivery date , it will have project financing in place or other type of financing . okay . that ’ all it have .  , Troy . it next question come from the line of Gregory Lewis from Credit Suisse . please proceed with it question . yes .  it , and  . John , it mention that the Bull Ray and Tiger Shark be now available for work come out of the yard . if it be to think about the last couple of month and the next couple of month , with these boat now out of and ready for work , should it expect these boat to actually have some utilization or be this something more that it be ready for work , but the thing be at top in Nigeria where it could remain idle for longer than it want . no . it think it will have kind of above what have be it stated utilization at the 30 and low 40 . it will be superior to that . there ’ opportunity for those big vessel to kind of go right back where it come from basically because of the mandatory shipyard stay . so , it think it outlook on those two vessel be very solid . okay . great . and then just one on the – it guess two more from it . be keep a few rig stack in the Gulf of Mexico make sense ? as it think about that , can it look at the exist rig that be currently work in the Gulf of Mexico and just assume – it probably do not make sense to have too many warm - stack rig in the Gulf of Mexico . it mean , so should it think that the outlook for at least a couple of these rig that be work that roll off in let it say the second question probably a couple . there be opportunity for some of those to keep work . yeah . it think there be opportunity for some to keep work and it think it will just continue on a weekly and a monthly basis to evaluate what ’ the appropriate level of the warm - stack fleet . it think as it get it cost low on the warm stacked fleet it extend it optionality period . it not have to push it to cold stack . so , if it be go to diligently manage the cost on the warm stacked vessel because if it keep it warm stack it reactivation cost be nominal . if it go to cold stack , it activation cost could be a factor of 5 to 10 . so , it think there ’ a trade off . there ’ a balance between kind of the expense it be go to eat in the near - term versus the big dollar that it may face if it go in cold stack it . so , it do not have a set plan because the market be fluid and it have to be fluid with the market . okay . great . and then just one final one for it on the 260 . it mean kind of not a contract that it be use to see . it know it have see some of these in the past where the rate be tie to the oil price . be that something that in conversation that it be have with customer , do it think that ’ something that the jack - up industry as a whole it could be see more of over the next 12 to 24 month or it begin as more like a one - off ? no . well , yes and no Greg . it think that the key to have an all price length day rate contract be a duration of that contract because it will be work through potentially a cycle and a shift change in oil price . so , it think it make sense on three to five year deal . on anything short it may not get the benefit of – if oil price rise . so , it think it ’ something it will see , it have look at in the industry for decade . it be very proud of it marketing guy to get that across the finish line . okay . hey ,  it very much for the time , a very nice job on get cost down . it next question come from the line of Byron Pope from Tudor , Pickering and Holt . please proceed with it question .  , guy .  , Byron . how be it do ? good . just a quick question for it . it realize that it guy just market the rig with Perisai . but as it think about the Perisai Pacific 102 and it eventual long - term strategy to have a presence in Southeast , maybe a big presence in Southeast Asia , the prospect there for that rig and give the competitive dynamic in Asia - Pac jack - up region ? good question , Byron . it do want to continue to expand it footprint in the region . and on that rig , specifically , as it will know , it mean , it ’ go to be a very competitive environment .  it . and then just a question as it relate to CapEx and think about the guidance for the remainder of the year . how should it think maintenance CapEx as a function of the total guidance with the CapEx for the remainder of the year ? yes . it ’ about $ 50 million of the remain guidance that it give . okay . and then last question , as it relate to work capital , it mention it likely continue to be – all right . it guess , it continue to be a source of cash as it step to the next couple of quarter . and just wonder how much more it have there in term of [ indiscernible ] to pull on the working capital front ? yeah . it mean , obviously , it be manage it payable to the extent it can , and it be work with it customer to accelerate payment to the extent it can , of course , with some of the large international agency that it work with . sometimes that ’ more difficult than it can imagine . so , it ’ go to be hard for it to really give it an indication what Q2 comp be . but it do think Q2 could produce positive work capital cash flow . but after that , it think with the – from the level that it be at , from a revenue perspective , that will start to taper off . okay .  , guy . it appreciate it . it next question come from the line of Dave Wilson from Howard Weil . please proceed .  , gentleman .  for take it question .  , Dave .  . it just want to follow - up on the previous question on the 260 . be it marketing guy have any luck , it guess , or be it see other opportunity for some long - term kind of contract like that or be that – be that really kind of a one - off ? right now it ’ a one - off . but it ’ a model that it be comfortable with and will explore with it various international customer that have that duration of work . again , it think the key be just duration because then it may get – it will play through the cycle and may achieve some of that upside . got it . and then just – the other question on international have already be answer but have it kind of one , Troy , as far as international DD&A , can it tell it how much of that be relate to the Triumph and the resilience on a quarterly basis ? yeah . it can pull it . it may want to just do that offline . it can probably – yeah , exactly . okay . all right , great .  , guy . it will turn the call back over . it next question come from the line of Mark Brown from Global Hunter . please proceed . hi , guy . it just be curious on the Hercules 260 . what other – what be the competitive situation in bidding for that contract ? and what lead to it ability to win that work ? it be competitive . obviously , it need five - year program – even in a bull market , it ’ go to be competitive with a lot of people want that work . and of course , the market have start get weak even when it start negotiate that back in the fourth quarter of 2014 . it think the combination of it like the rig , the rig kind of fit what it need , as well as it think it may have be the only guy to offer oil price link . okay . and then , just on the Highlander , it assume that that be go to be deliver on time and that there be no possibility of delay that , give that it already have the contract in place with Maersk . yeah . that ’ correct . a , the shipyard be right on schedule slightly , ahead on some part of the project , so there ’ no benefit to it or it customer to delay delivery . 