the Quarterly Commentary provide the investment community with the information and context that it need to analyze it result in advance of it earning call . it use the quarterly commentary to make it time with it more efficient and to maximize the time on this call for q&a with management . during today 's call , it will discuss adjust EBITDA and other financial metric not prepare in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles include EBITDA , relate margin , adjust net income per dilute common share and free cash flow from operation . it provide reconciliation of these metric to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in the earning release and on it website . later today , it will be file the quarterly report on Form 6-k of Intelsat S.A. with the SEC . it can find the link to the filing on it website . additionally , it conversation today will include forward - look statement , reflect it current expectation for future industry condition , as well as it business strategy , market trend and positioning and expect future financial performance . those future forward - look statement be subject to risk and uncertainty , many of which be outside of it control . please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement include in it quarterly report on Form 6-k for information regard some of the factor that could cause it actual result to differ materially from it expectation . finally , please beware that it conference today be open to the investment community and medium , with the medium invite to participate in listen - only mode . member of the medium be not authorize to quote , either directly or in substance , any participant in the call who be not a representative of Intelsat . it be join this morning by Intelsat CEO Steve Spengler , who step up to the ceo role earlier this month on April 1 and Executive Vice President and CFO , Michael McDonnell , who be here to offer it additional detail on Intelsat 's business and financial performance . follow brief opening remark by Steve , it will be happy to take it question . Steve ?  it , Dianne . Intelsat 's first quarter performance be in line with the expectation that it set forth for 2014 . since it last speak , Intelsat have be active across key industry and investor conference . in addition to those investor event , where it have the opportunity to meet with many of it , it leverage the customer - face conference to introduce new service and innovation that allow it to differentiate and address new application . it also complete important new deal and renewal in the first quarter . it Quarterly Commentary highlight one of the first Intelsat Epic contract with a national telecom operator that will transition from an exist Intelsat satellite to Intelsat 29e . it also provide detail of the progress make in it network service , medium and government business . together , it activity in the first quarter demonstrate it focus on long - term value creation . first quarter revenue be $ 602 million , a decline of 4 % from the year - ago quarter . adjusted EBITDA for the quarter be $ 470 million , or 78 % of revenue , a decline of 7 % as compare to the first quarter of 2014 . during the fourth quarter call , it detail a number of trend that will pressure it business for the balance of 2015 and continue into 2016 . there be no meaningful change regard these trend ; and as a result , today it be reaffirm it full - year 2015 guidance . it continue it focus on five priority in 2015 that will support it long - term growth objective . it discuss these in it February call . it be , build and place new capacity into service ; drive innovation on the ground and in space ; create new service for it core customer ; maintain leadership in the Government sector ; and optimize the use of it orbital right . it commentary highlight this quarter 's accomplishment on those priority , but it would like to emphasize three element in particular before it open the bridge for question . advance it satellite program continue to be it high priority as it seek to achieve long - term growth . it be pleased to report that it schedule for the five launch plan for 2015 and 2016 be unchanged . it expect to launch Intelsat 34 in the third quarter and place it into service by early 2016 . both Intelsat 31 and Intelsat 29e remain schedule to launch in the first quarter of 2016 . " 31 " should enter service in the second quarter of 2016 and " 29e " should enter service by mid - year 2016 . it second priority be drive innovation on the ground and in space . during SATELLITE Week in March , it announce a project to co - design and produce an ultra - thin , electronically steerable Ku - band antenna solution with Phasor . build upon the Kymeta project it announce last quarter , this antenna will also be optimize for the Intelsat Epic platform and be target towards provide a solution for the business jet sector . it third operational priority be to develop new service offering that differentiate it capacity and bring additional value to it customer . in April at NAB , it introduce IntelsatOne Prism , a portfolio of new IP - base distribution service . prism be design to allow it medium customer to conduct multiple content transmission use a single platform - for instance , combine linear video , file transfer and voice on a single IP distribution network . with Prism , customer will continue to use legacy distribution asset which will include satellite , as well as fiber - while deploy it service to expand it distribution capability to include other format . this simplify it overall content delivery and improve it operational efficiency and bandwidth management . annually in April , there be a gathering of prominent commercial and military space interest know as the Space Symposium . the tone of the conference this year reflect a new openness and clear willingness of the dod to work more closely with commercial space . the U.S. Strategic Command announce a commercial Integration Cell within the Joint Space Operations Center to facilitate operational collaboration with industry . Intelsat General be select as a member of this group . it believe this be an exciting demonstration of the potential for long - term growth from this sector . in summary , it be track to it expectation for 2015 . it team be work diligently on the priority that will allow it to move out quickly when it new capacity come online . with that , let it open the bridge for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . and it first question come from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America Merrill Lynch . it line be now open . two quick one . last quarter , it mention that some of the currency fluctuation be cause it to reprice some contract it negotiate with customer over in Europe , it think Russia , specifically . just wonder , with the recent currency move it have see the last month or two , be it feel less pressure to reprice those contract ? and then on the project satellite launch , want to get a well sense of when visibility really improve , in term of the launch window ? be it three month , four month ? when do it feel it have the confidence level to nail down a specific quarter versus half of year ? Michael McDonnell it would say on the currency fluctuation that what it be see be basically in line with what it say on it last call . obviously , the ruble have recover a bit . and that be one of the place that it cite as see some pressure . but it would say overall , it be a manageable issue for it and it be roughly in line , maybe a little bit better , than the outlook that it see at the end of the year . as far as the launch timing , it think what it have give it be it good estimate , at this point . obviously , there be a queue in front of it to get to the launch platform . and typically , it do not have complete clarity until fairly late in the process , as it get very close to the launch date . obviously , it improve as it get close . but it usually do not have full clarity until it get very close to it actual date . and it next question come from Simon Flannery of Morgan Stanley . it line be now open . Steve , maybe it can just ask it to expand on priority 5 around orbital right optimization ? Can it just talk about what initiative it be take on there and what may be the opportunity for the company ? and then maybe it can just speak to CANTV and some of the other renewal ? what be happen there in term of incremental revenue or reprice in term of what that mean go forward ?  . regard the fifth priority , which be really to optimize it spectrum and land right to create value , there be probably two aspect to that . one be an ongoing effort in it design of the Intelsat Epic satellite , where it be optimize every bit of capacity it possibly can . of course , it be use frequency reuse . so the result of that be that it be really capture the great potential from a particular orbital slot as possible , because of the enhanced and next generation design of those satellite . so that be one ongoing activity . the second part of it relate to opportunity that it see where it can collaborate with other operator to develop orbital slot . and these may be situation - it be typically situation that be outside of it capex and investment plan . it be opportunity where it may want to try to extend revenue with customer or help customer grow with a particular location . and it be also a situation where it may have orbital right , it partner may have orbital right ; and so together , it can optimize the development of a particular slot and share that slot and develop capability on a joint satellite , for instance , to serve each of it respective customer . the most recent example of that be the project that it announce with Azercosmos at the last call - or just before the last call - where it be develop a joint satellite at 45 degree . it be go to be serve a number of it DTH customer and network service customer on that satellite and it be go to provide service for it requirement . so those kind of project be in the pipeline and it be look at other opportunity to do that . but it be not something that will happen every single quarter . as to the second question on CANTV , CANTV be a national telecom operator of Venezuela . it have be a long - time customer of Intelsat . it be provide cellular backhaul and corporate network and government networking service there . and this be an opportunity to bring it from an exist Intelsat satellite to Intelsat 29e , the epic satellite . typically , what happen in these renewal and migration , it be face competitive pressure , or competitive dynamic - let it say - on every renewal it do . so it be typical that it would treat these opportunity much in the same way as a renewal from one conventional satellite to another . it have to address the need of the customer . it have to be competitive . it have to provide it with the capability that it need . and address term and condition . and so that be typically the case with these transition . it often will be transition of exist capacity . in other case , it may be transition and expand at the same time . of course , the big the commitment , the more it expand , it may have more additional benefit of the epic performance and economic when it do that . okay . so when it renew these - and it think it have some government renewal , as well - be it generally on a - be price stable , or be it get low price but high capacity so the dollar amount be the same ? and how do it manage the venezuelan currency risk ? first of all , it would normally - the good way to say it again , maybe , be it be a competitive situation . the customer be pay a certain monthly charge one month and it have to offer it a compelling reason to stay with it on to the new satellite . and so that be subject to competitive dynamic . again , if it be open to grow , if it need growth or envision growth or want to go long - term , it be go to benefit from well pricing , as it normally would on any kind of commercial deal . and of course , with Epic it would gain some efficiency and gain some performance advantage . Michael McDonnell Simon , just to respond to it point on the currency , some of the economy , like Russia and Venezuela , that depend heavily on oil , obviously , have be hit with some difficult currency situation . and as it mention before , it be something that be roughly in line with what it think before . it be keep a close eye on it . Venezuela , in particular , be a difficult place to collect from , because of an exhaustive regulatory process that exist . but it be pretty adept at get through it and all of it be factor into it plan for the year . okay , so there be no receivables risk there , be there ? Michael McDonnell nothing out of the ordinary and nothing that it be overly concerned about . it be pretty much business as usual , but it be keep an eye on thing , as currency fluctuation occur . because it do become more expensive for it customer that it bill in U.S. dollar in some region . and the next question come from Phil Cusick of JPMorgan . it line be now open . Unidentified Analyst a couple of question , one , what be it see in term of pricing trend in the various region around the world , particularly in Europe , Africa and latam ? be it stable or under pressure due to the new capacity from it competitor ? and then the second question be , what be the rationale behind get into the satellite antenna business with it partnership with Phasor and Kymeta ? do it believe it customer need a well antenna solution than currently what be available out there , or do it intend to be a reseller of equipment ?  it . regard pricing trend , let it address that by customer set be probably the good way to do it . first of all , across medium , globally , it view it as relatively steady . but it do see some pricing pressure in North America , as well as Russia and Brazil . and Russia and Brazil be more due to foreign exchange type issue . in government , relatively stable pricing with renewal . but because of the low demand in this sector , it be see some pricing pressure on some of the new contract and new opportunity that come up . and network service , relatively stable , but it continue to see the pricing pressure in Africa , Europe / Africa region , Middle East . and that be a situation of oversupply more than a low demand dynamic . in term of it question about antennas , as it develop Intelsat Epic and develop it next generation of service for it customer across network service , across mobility , across it government customer , it believe that there be three primary area of focus for what it bring to it customer with this new technology . First be deliver high performance for it application . the second be to deliver well economic to allow it to expand it service , reach new market and close business case that it could not before . and the third part be accessibility . and when it talk about accessibility , it believe very strongly that it be important to enable new growth application with technology and with antenna systems , in particular , that be small , high performing and with the proper economic to enable these new service . so in the case of Phasor , where it be engage with it to develop an antenna for a particular segment , there be a large opportunity in the small business jet marketplace that be unaddressed today from a broadband standpoint . the barrier to get into this segment be the size of the antenna and the performance on the antenna in a small package . and so what it be do be to develop a very innovative antenna with a very interesting form factor that allow it to solve that problem which will open up that particular market . and it think that there be a number of different market in network service and in government and mobility and medium , where stimulation of the ecosystem , with antennas or other technology , can greatly increase the demand and opportunity for growth in the future . Unidentified Analyst and do it expect to be a reseller of antenna equipment to it customer ? it be provide service , infrastructure service , to it service provider partner . so it be really it service provider that will be part of the ecosystem that will be serve the end user and will be facilitate the implementation and installation of these antenna system in the customer end - user location or plane or move vehicle of some sort . and the next question come from Jason Kim of Goldman Sachs . it line be now open . first question be on , network service actually come in a little bit well than what it have model and perhaps a little bit better than it full annual guidance it have give . Can it talk about the driver of this segment , if it be trend a little bit better than it have think , or be it more of a timing issue ? and then it have some balance sheet follow - up question afterwards . well , it still expect network service to perform to it guidance . and so when it look at that guidance and of course , it still have the pressure that it talk about last time that be still affect the business . but nevertheless , it have see some opportunity in the mobility space where it have announce some additional progress there in advance of Intelsat Epic . and so activity be still good , but it be deal with the challenge through the course of the year , when it believe it will be within it guidance range . and then maybe a question for Mike about the balance sheet , it have a couple of bond that be currently callable , but obviously just because a bond be callable , it do not mean that it should necessarily finance it , because there be always put and take . but at the same time , push out maturity be also reduce as a market risk for the company . Can it remind it how it look at these callable bond ? and it be more specifically refer to the $ 1.5 billion of the Jackson Deer coupon . and at the same time , the near maturity for the company be actually the $ 5 million of the Luxembourg 18 's . how do it look at that maturity ? be that something that it may be focus on , or be the size of the maturity small enough for it to look at other opportunity first ? Michael McDonnell it would say that the maturity that it mention be still a long way out . the first one be not until 2018 , as it correctly mention . the debt that be callable currently and other debt that become callable this year , as it also mention , that be very different from the maturity . it do create an alternative . but it think that the refinance work that it do throughout , let it say , 2010 through 2013 , it be very happy with . it have stage it maturity well ; and it think at this point , it like where it sit . and obviously , it will continue to assess . but at this point , it think it like the profile and it like where it sit and it like the work that it be able to get do in a very favorable market over the course of those year . if it could just ask one more follow - up , would it be able to give it a loose ball park on how much incremental debt or capacity it may have at the Jackson guarantee level without jeopardize the non - triple C rating at that part of the capital structure ? Michael McDonnell in term of rating , there be a basket that give it something , it believe , on the order of about another $ 600 million or $ 700 million of guarantee that it could do before it would be have a discussion on rating . that be something that it would obviously be mindful of . and the key point here be that would have to be incremental guarantee , so that would only apply in instance where it be put additional guaranteed debt in place in lieu of something that be not guarantee . and it next question come from Batya Levi of UBS . it line be now open . Can it please provide a bit more color on the progress in pre - marketing some of the epic capacity ? and maybe if it could quantify the revenue benefit from the new epic contract it sign , what percent of the capacity be pre - sell at this point ? and then a second question it have be on the network service side . as government give back some of the inventory , can it talk about maybe some near - term effort to fill that capacity with other contract that it see as near - term opportunity ? it believe the network service revenue actually fall a bit less than what it be look for and what it guide for the full year . do it still expect that piece to drop 7 % to 10 % in the year , or be there some near - term opportunity to offset it ?  it . to it first question on progress on the Intelsat Epic satellite , it do not quote specific fill rate at any give time . but it do feel very strongly that it be progress to it plan . it be pleased with where it be at this stage of it backlog build in advance of Intelsat 29e , which be schedule for service in the second quarter of next year . the CANTV project be one step in that direction , but it pipeline be strong for that epic satellite and several of the other one come along later . in term of the resale of government inventory , yes , in many case , when government service come back , let it say in the Middle East or North America , that same capacity could be attractive for network service customer in mobility or fix network . and so it have be very much focus on market that capacity to it network customer wherever it can to capture some backfill of those type of service . and again , when it look at it , to it last question regard network service over the course of the year , it still feel that it guidance still hold . and it expect network service to perform in that 7 % to 10 % range down , as it indicate before . and it next question come from Anthony Klarman of Deutsche Bank . it line be now open . Anthony Klarman a few follow - up from some prior question . maybe first , for Mike , in the quarterly commentary , it mention bad debt be somewhat a little bit of pressure for SG&A. and the year - over - year comparison not incredibly relevant , give that it have credit in the prior year , which be not normal . Could it talk a little bit about the bad debt trend , maybe on a sequential basis , or how it should think about that go forward as it relate to some of the FX pressure that have be create in the business ? Michael McDonnell it think that the way it would look at the first quarter regard bad debt be that it be perhaps a bit elevated . the last two year , it have obviously have bad debt that be be a little bit more volatile after many , many year of have bad debt that be sort of in the neighborhood of about $ 10 million a year . 2013 , it have a spike up ; and then in 2014 , it have an abnormally low level because it recover a lot of the 2013 account that it have reserve . so it think , as it look at the first quarter , maybe a bit elevated from historical , but nothing that it be overly concerned about . it would say that the currency be something that it be stay very , very close to , because that can manifest in the form of bad debt . but it think it be on top of that . and it think overall that it bad debt be at a very manageable level and overall , it be pleased with the 78 % margin that it be able to deliver in the quarter . Anthony Klarman and then on the capital side , when it look at the launch schedule that it have in the quarterly summary , could it talk a little bit about - it guess one of the question that come up with Epic be , give the long lead time , how it know that the capacity that be go up be go really where it be need , relative to other capacity from competitor that be go up in the industry . it be hope it could maybe provide some commentary on how it have think about the replacement cycle between use traditional bird and use epic bird for what it have come up and why it be confident that the satellite capacity that it have come up over the next couple year be go to hit it in the spot where it need that capacity the most ? it constantly look at the dynamic in the marketplace , supply and demand in aggregate and in specific region , specific country across specific application , as it do it planning for it future satellite . in it near - term launch that it have commit to , it feel very confident that it be hit the mark for where the demand will be across network , across medium , government and other area , mobility , of course . and testament to that be that the initial launch , as it know , Intelsat 31 , Intelsat 26 , be largely sell out and go up with large backlog on it . Intelsat 36 be a medium satellite , more conventional , that be later in 2016 . that be largely sell out , as well . so it know that those be in good shape . in term of the epic satellite , it look across the dynamic of the marketplace and see very strong overall demand for connectivity service , for rural connectivity through cellular network , specifically . it see solid demand for networking . it see solid demand for mobility , both arrow and mobility and it see government be strong over the long term . the key to all of that demand , or unlock all that demand , be deliver the high - performance , high - throughput service that Epic will deliver . and it want to emphasize service , because it be beyond just bandwidth . it be the service that go along with it . for the satellite that be further down the list , it be constantly look at those . what be the optimal design for those satellite for the particular sector and region that it want to serve ? and it be reevaluate those before it put it into the factory for production . so that be why there be a reference that down that list , it could be subject to some change , as it assess those market dynamic go forward . Anthony Klarman Mike , a couple balance sheet follow - up for it . have it guy think at all about open market debt purchase ? it mention that no additional debt repayment be due during the year , but it do have a decent cash balance on the balance sheet and the number indicate it should be throw off some operate free cash flow this year . have it give any thought to how the low market price from some of it bond may impact it decision on how it attack the capital structure next ? and then as an adjacent to that , could it maybe refine it view on it thought on the use of secured debt in the capital structure go forward , give that it be relatively under lever in the secured market ? Michael McDonnell Anthony , it would say that open market repurchase , that be something that it obviously would not telegraph . but it would observe that the majority of it bond be trade at level that be historically , at least , have trade at level that be very close to par . and it have not have a lot of opportunity to do that in a very accretive way . and it would also say that the cash balance that it have at the end of the first quarter be a bit elevated . it would just remind it that over 80 % of it debt service payment fall in the second and fourth quarter , when it add those up . so it be a little bit elevated at the end of the first quarter , because of have less debt service during that quarter . as it relate to secured debt , it would say that it be something that it do have some additional capacity to do . it be right about that . it think that it look at that relative to the unsecured opportunity , it look at the spread between the two and it like the tenor and the flexibility of the unsecured . and when the spread be very small between , call it , a swap adjust secure rate versus what it can get in an unsecured market , it would think twice before it would put a lot of incremental secured debt in place , it think . and it next question come from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo . it line be now open . it want to ask a high level question on it medium business . when it look out over 5 , 10 year , long term and it think about the trend of whether over - the - top viewing or ultra HD potentially hurt or increase the demand for it service , what be the conversation it be have in this space right now ? how should it think about it exist base ? and be those customer mostly renew and look to renew ? what about the opportunity to potentially expand that business ?  it . okay . the medium business , as it correctly point out , be go through some transition now . there be a lot of different thing happen , interesting and exciting thing happen in that space . but let it see if it can break it down in different segment . it look at the DTH segment of medium be strong internationally , as there continue to be good demand , strong demand for expansion of DTH service in the develop world . and that tie to the satellite launch it have come up over the next couple of year , where it try to take advantage of that . international distribution of medium content , of television channel , be still in a growth mode , globally , as there be still quite a bit of hd to build out in various marketplace . so that be still a relatively strong demand area and where it have high fill factor on it satellite for those kind of service . in North America , it would say that the change be happen in a more pronounced way . but have say that , though , distribution to cable head end on a linear basis of channel be go to be around for quite a few year to come . there be still thousand of head end that be be serve by satellite distribution and it expect those customer to stay on the network . at the same time , tv everywhere and over - the - top type format be develop . so it be very much engage with it customer on those discussion . and it believe that over time , it be go to see the advantage that it have be deliver to this sector for traditional linear video will accrue to some of the over - the - top and nonlinear format , as well . so it investment and announcement to implement and bring to market the IntelsatOne Prism platform be a reflection of that . it be a very flexible ip platform that be design for flexibility and to allow multiple format , multiple type of video to be distribute around the world . so it be an area that it be definitely in contact with it customer on and discuss with it and build out it infrastructure and really expand the exist infrastructure that it have to support it . of course , the other area of growth long - term be ultra HD , or 4k. and that be come . it be probably , in it view , a couple of year away from growth and implementation in the broad network . but it be see more production in 4k. and it think over time , that be go to enter into the distribution infrastructure in various marketplace . actually , just one follow - up on the previous question about how it be go to earn a return on it investment in both the antenna with Kymeta and Phasor . be it go to get any revenue from the sale of those antenna , or be there potentially equity stake involve , anything like that ? Michael McDonnell these be modest investment that it be make . it be make it gradually . it be tie to milestone and performance standard . but it should not think of it as look to be a reseller of antennas , where it be go to build inventory and resell it . this be more of a full solution that it would be provide for it customer as part of an integrated product . [ Operator Instructions ] . and it next question come from Nick Dempsey of Barclays . it line be now open . it have get one question leave . it wonder if it could give it an update on it thinking ahead of the WRC-15 in November ? do it need to worry about the satellite sector 's continue exclusive use of c - band spectrum within certain bound ? and be that something that could affect it business go into next year ? Nick , it and the rest of the industry be obviously very focused on this issue with WRC-15 . protection of C - band service for satellite customer globally be very important . these c - band service deliver television around the globe . it provide cellular backhaul service . it provide other type of network for government and military , as well . so it be very important that it do everything it can and it be do everything it can , to make sure that the party around the world understand the importance of this spectrum in the satellite space . it be not go to predict what will happen at WRC-15 , because it be a political event . but it be do everything possible in every single region of the world , as an industry , to make sure that it position be hear and well understand . even if there be an impact , there would not be a near - term impact . because any type of decision on a wrc-15 typically would be phase in over a number of year . and even then , it be not a material - the spectrum it be talk about be not a material part of it business over the long - term , as well . but nevertheless , it be very important for it customer and it be go to put it good foot forward in that effort . and it next question come from Mike Pace of JPMorgan . it line be now open . sorry if some of this be a little repetitive . back on the CANTV transition deal that it do , it be wonder , if it understand it right , it be not for incremental revenue out of the gate , but the reason for do that be so that it and it can grow that revenue over time and that be a better suit satellite for it potential need in the future ? be that the right way to think about that ? it think that be the right way to think about it , Mike . okay . and then back to network service . it know it reiterate guidance there . Can it help it with , be there any lumpiness in the quarter in term of contract roll off , on those headwind , whether it be channel , point - to - point or the consumer broadband business there ? Michael McDonnell Mike , the answer to that be , yes . the point - to - point and the channel , that roll off be heavily tie to when those renewal come up . and it do come up periodically throughout the year and it can create a bit of lumpiness . any quarterly lumpiness to note there ? Michael McDonnell it do not know that it can say a lot beyond the fact that it acknowledge that the first quarter decline be less than the guidance that it have give for the year , but it still feel that the guidance range that it have give for the year of 7 % to 10 % down be the right range to give , look at the year in total . okay . last question and it appreciate the competitive dynamic of answer this , but it be go to give it a try anyways . when it think about over the next year and really the story here be Intelsat Epic , but what type of update can it expect on what that pre - sell utilization rate be on 29e , what sector it may be sell that into ? Can it expect any color before launch , or do it really have to wait until that point in time ? as it say earlier , it be not likely to give out fill factor update on progress . it just do not do that by individual satellite . it would say that it will certainly update at it quarterly call to make sure that everybody understand where it stand in progress towards it . it guess the other place it should look for update be when it have a customer that sign up for Epic and it be willing to do a press release with it , where it will have announcement when it occur . and it next question come from Arun Seshadri of Credit Suisse . it line be now open . first , it just want to ask , in term of the balance between cashless EBITDA and prepayment , in the year beyond 2017 , should it continue to expect a bit of an imbalance , mean cashless EBITDA stay flattish while prepayment , generally speak , look permanently low than it have see in the past ? Michael McDonnell yes . so it be a little bit counterintuitive on that . the prepayment guidance , as it correctly note , the level of prepayment be high in 2015 than it be in 2016 and 2016 be high than 2017 . so the prepayment , base on it current guidance , it actually ramp down . with that say , the amount of cashless EBITDA will tick up a bit , as it launch some of the program that have prepayment tie to it and those program include IS-31 and IS-36 . if it look at it cashless level today , those will increase a bit as those satellite come into service throughout 2016 and 2017 . but what it would note be that it be something that it monitor carefully and it intend to keep at a manageable level , as it always have . as far as oil and gas , it do not know if it could give it an update there . how be it see demand shape up in 2015 ? have it talk about what percentage of it network service oil and gas represent , less than 5 % ? it be a small part of it business . so it think it have the right estimate there . oil and gas sector , obviously , be go through one of it cycle at the moment . and it be not a business that it expect to grow this year , but it be an important part of it business . it have a number of service provider that be very active in that sector . it be still active with it in support those customer . but give where that overall sector be , it be not a growth opportunity this year . one last thing , if it could squeeze in . as far as 2017 go and it think generally folk be expect some sort of pressure in top line in 2016 , at this point . how connected be it expectation for growth in 2017 , through decide whether or not it will address 2018 bond relative to early [ indiscernible ] ?  it . Michael McDonnell it would say it be a difficult question to answer , because it do not guide beyond 2015 . it have talk about the headwind that it have in the channel and the point - to - point and it have say that it expect to have those headwind throughout 2015 and continue into 2016 . obviously , it hope would be that as the incremental capacity come into place , IS-34 later this year , along with IS-31 and IS-29e , that it would hope that those satellite would provide growth and then as the headwind wind down , that would put it in a well position to grow . but in term of specific guidance relate to 2017 , that be something that it obviously can not speak directly to . as it relate to the bond and it question there , it do not know that it be necessarily tie . it think that overall , it look at it capital structure and it alternative base on what it see in the current market and the current condition and it look at it plan and it make those assessment . it would not necessarily tie any decision there directly to what it 2017 top line would look like . and it next question come from [ indiscernible ] of Nomura . it line be now open . Unidentified Analyst just a quick question on the government side . just the phase in and how it should think about that through the year . because it remember through 2014 , there be a bit of a step change in the third quarter . be that some sort of seasonality in term of it business model in negotiate with the government contract ? or be that just a one - off and clearly it be at the low end of it 8 % to 12 % range this quarter . Should it think of a sequential improvement through the year ?  it . Michael McDonnell yes . it think that what it mention at the beginning of the call , or what it put out in it quarterly commentary , it have a 13 % decline , when it look at the first quarter versus the first quarter of last year . so it do feel like 8 % to 12 % be the right range . the comparison get a bit easy from here , as it look at the quarter , so that be part of what be factor in . and it think as it relate to renewal , it occur throughout the year . and in term of it expectation around seasonality and all of that , it be not terribly seasonal . and it think that it have get that all capture and factor in with it reaffirmation of the guidance range today . it would just add that it still see the effect of troop withdrawal this year . so that be factor in . but as it mention in it opening comment , that it be see a great degree and very positive sign from senior leadership in U.S. government and military , in particular , about cooperation with the commercial industry . and it view this as really a long - term indicator that there will be closer operational cooperation , there will be close operation strategically in term of how satellite communication service be deploy globally and utilize between the government satellite and commercial satellite . it engagement with the Space Operations Command and the Commercial Integration Cell be a considerable step forward in that regard . and one further note , tie it to Intelsat Epic , it be get very good feedback from it government customer on Intelsat Epic and it capability . and some of the unique capability of Intelsat Epic , in term of the digital payload , be very much appreciate by government customer . because the digital payload be actually a next generation - a new generation of some capability that it be use to use today on some of it own satellite . so it be resonate well . it wish it could do contract in advance of launch , which it can not , at the moment . but it continue to work for procurement reform to allow it to have the most flexibility , commercially , for long - term contract , as well . and that be what it be push for . 