 it , operator . before it begin today , it would like to review the Safe Harbor Statement . this conference call may contain forward - look statement about the company 's future plan , expectation and objective , concern , but not limit to the company 's expect financial result and estimate for 2014 . word such as will , may , expect , intent , anticipate , plan , believe , could , and variation of these word and similar expression be intend to identify forward - look statement . these forward - look statement be not historical fact and be subject to risk and uncertainty that could cause the actual statement to differ materially from those predict in the forward - look statement include , but not limit to the company 's actual result and risk factor describe in the risk factor section of other information on the company 's most recently file Annual Report on form 10-k. the company undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise the forward - look statement contain herein to reflect change of event or circumstance as of the date of this conference call . finally , before it transition the call , it want to announce that due to the transaction currently be contemplate by the company that it will not be take any question after the call . and with that , it would like to turn the call over to Dr. Daniel Dosoretz , it Chief Executive Officer . Daniel Dosoretz  it , Frank .  it all for attend it second quarter 2014 conference call . with it today be Gary Delanois , it svp of Operations ; Rich Lewis , it SVP and CFO of it U.S. operation ; Joe Biscardi , it SVP , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer ; and also Frank English , it Treasurer . also by it side today be David Beckman , who be it interim CFO come to it from FTI . FTI be a global business advisor firm that be assist it in achieve it operational goal . it be also grateful to have the assistance of [ Brendan Hayes from the Mostyn firm ] ( ph ) , who be assist it in re - balance it capital structure . today , it be go to report it second quarter result , which be quite good and inline with it expectation of growth in same and acquire market . but , before it start , it want to publicly  , Mr. Bryan Carey , who have recently resign as it President and CFO . Bryan be instrumental in the vital acquisition of OnCure and SFRO and assist it infer it mission to be the large global provider of cancer service . it be move on to pursue a different path , but it support and dedication to it enterprise make recognition by all . as it mention before , it meet today most of the senior member of it team include it SVP of operation , the CFO of it U.S. operation , it Senior Vice President , Controller and it Treasurer . many of it have already know these team member well . everyone of it have have a long - track with 21st Century Oncology and it work as a wealth of experience and dedication assure it that it performance in it operation , execution of it strategy and it non - parallel commitment to patient care will continue forward and will be well - execute . it be all here today as a reminder about it commitment to the company and about it ability to continue to execute on it plan . as it public knowledge , the company have execute a recapitalization support agreement which provide for either an external equity contribution or recapitalization by convert a portion of it senior subordinated note in exchange for equity interest in the company . it be in the process of evaluate these two alternative as outline in it prior communication regard it capital structure . in either case , the end result would be a much strong company with increase capital flexibility that will allow it to continue to pursue the growth strategy which have be reflect in it second quarter . and now , to it performance , it have a good quarter . it exist market continue to grow at over 2 % in treatment per day . the RVU per treatment , a key indicator of treatment complexity be do somewhat represent the effect of the CMS cut in place for the 2014 fee schedule . yet , these [ decrease ] ( ph ) significantly low than the CMS cut . this continue to demonstrate it ability to [ diffuse ] ( ph ) expertise and technology through a very large platform provide the good care to it patient in deal with various type of cancer . it have make substantial progress in the integration of OnCure platform which it acquire in October 2013 . it have commission and add nine new accelerator , upgrade nine exist one and have be successful in transform a large portion of OnCure 's operation into it physician model . in addition , it have achieve efficiency with a consolidation of multiple office , when there be a geographic overlap particularly in the West Coast of Florida . these synergy have result in increase performance in the legacy OnCure center as Gary Delanois and Rich Lewis will describe to it . it continue to see additional upside and be optimistic that the OnCure acquisition will continue to create value for it . the SFRO acquisition have be a great one . bring with it expand market and a potential for additional synergy along with an experienced group of operator who will continue to be involve and successfully run and grow it operation . work along side with it and the management of – team of SFRO , it will continue to enhance it performance . it have a strong pipeline of acquisition and joint venture with large hospital system , which will be execute once it complete it recapitalization and strengthen it capital structure . it be view as a mascot partner for many large healthcare plan and hospital system . it offer clinical expertise , business acuman and the ability to provide extraordinary care to patient at a low cost position it well for the change landscape in healthcare . and with these , it will pass the microphone to Mr. Gary Delanois . Gary ?  it , Dr. Dosoretz . the second quarter of 2014 be an important quarter for 21 c in that it continue to optimize the two large acquisition in it company 's history significantly add to the strength of it fundamental business of deliver the most advanced , integrated cancer care to patient in the United States and Latin America . the second quarter mark the second complete quarter after acquire OnCure . this transaction have be transformative for 21 c as it have increase it scale in key market result in cost efficiency and accelerated revenue growth . importantly , OnCure be achieve the lift expect from it become part of 21 C. as mention on it third quarter 2013 conference call , it continue to expect the OnCure transaction to achieve approximately $ 30 million of incremental annual run rate pro forma EBITDA include $ 7 million of operate cost synergy by the end of 2014 . revenue and EBITDA for the quarter be also positively impact by a full quarter 's contribution from South Florida Radiation Oncology , a large integrated cancer care company base in Southeast Florida , which it purchase a 65 % stake - off in February of this year . the integration of these acquisition have already exceed it expectation and it believe the result achieve thus far validate it ability to add value to and to efficiently integrate new acquisition with minimal disruption . during the second quarter , it see growth in nearly all of it operational metric demonstrate stable underlie trend and improve volume . despite 21 c solid result during the quarter and year - to - date , the postponement of the ipo in May mean that the company be unable to achieve it desire deleveraging . it believe that the market be rapidly and dramatically change with physician increasingly decide to work for either large physician practice such as 21C or join hospital group . in July , the company enter into two agreement with a group of note holder that will result in an important deleveraging of 21 C. it believe this deleverage will help enable it to more fully take advantage of important strategic investment opportunity go forward . Rich will discuss these agreement in further detail later in it prepared remark . domestic same market therapy revenue per treatment increase 6.5 % from the second quarter of 2013 due to service mix and continued improvement in manage care pricing . total rvu per day in it domestic freestanding center increase 44 % in the second quarter versus the same period of the prior year . on a same market basis , rvu per day decrease slightly by 1.3 % versus the same period last year due to a reduction in the 2014 Medicare reimbursement rate . however , as Dr. Dosoretz mention earlier , this decrease be less than the actual Medicare cut due to the company 's ability to spread technical expertise to all it center and continue to apply the advance technology and provide the good care for it patient . total second quarter complete domestic radiation oncology case be up 9.3 % over year . second quarter treatment per case be roughly flat year - over - year , while revenue per case increase modestly versus the second quarter of 2013 . it field operation remain strong as it continue to execute it business plan emphasize organic growth and strategic acquisition . now , it will turn the call over to Rich for additional color on it second quarter financial result .  it , Gary . second quarter total revenue be $ 265.9 million compare to total pro forma revenue of $ 190.8 million in the same quarter of 2013 , a year - over - year increase of 39.3 % . domestic freestanding same market revenue increase 8.9 % in the quarter compare to the same quarter last year . the increase in revenue be principally drive by $ 65.1 million in revenue contribution from OnCure and SFRO , increase expense in international revenue growth . from a volume perspective , domestic total treatment and freestande center treatment per day be up 53.9 % . on a same market basis , freestanding treatment per day increase 2.2 % year - over - year due to further integration of the ICC model . pro forma adjust EBITDA be $ 43.2 million , or 16.2 % of total pro forma revenue compare to $ 24.8 million or 13 % of total pro forma revenue in the second quarter of 2013 . income tax expense in the second quarter of 2014 be $ 934,000 , compare to $ 1.4 million in the second quarter of 2013 . net loss for the second quarter of 2014 be $ 204.6 million , compare to a net loss of $ 19.5 million in the second quarter of 2013 . the net loss in the second quarter of 2014 include non - cash relate impairment charge of approximately $ 182 million attributable to the recapitalization support agreement and revision of the company 's financial forecast primarily to write down goodwill to it imply fair value . it international business have another strong quarter . total second quarter international case increase 17.3 % , compare to the same quarter in 2013 . total net patient service revenue be $ 24.3 million , up 8.2 % year - over - year . this be drive by strong expense , additional volume from acquisition , low depreciation during the quarter and Argentina peso relative to the U.S. dollar and a continuation in the increase in the number of high revenue IMRT treatment and 3-d treatment versus 2-d treatment as compare to the same period in 2013 . adjusted EBITDA for the quarter be $ 7.6 million , up $ 2.3 million versus the same quarter last year . net cash provide by operate activity for the period end June 30 , 2014 be $ 9.9 million , compare to net cash provide by operate activity for the same period 2013 of $ 3.6 million . net cash provide by operate activity be primarily drive by management of it vendor payable and increase cash flow relate to it OnCure and sfro transaction . total cash expenditure be $ 23.1 million compare to the $ 17.8 million for the first six month of 2014 as compare to the prior year . the increase over last year reflect accelerate spend on the upgrade of equipment and software at OnCure , which already have result in OnCure perform ahead of expectation . it have $ 1.1 billion of net debt as of June 30 , 2014 . day revenue outstanding at June 30 , 2014 be 40 day , up from 35 day compare to the same time last year . at quarter end , it have approximately $ 25.7 million of unrestricted cash . there be $ 79.5 million of borrowing under it $ 100 million revolving credit facility . now , it will turn the call over to Dr. Dosoretz , who will provide closing comment . Daniel Dosoretz  it , Rich . in summary , 21st Century Oncology have a solid quarter operationally as indicate by same market treatment growth , achievement of expect result from the acquire operation , continue international growth for medical developer and improve margin result from expense management and synergy realization . it recognize the need for deleverage and be completely dedicate to make that happen . it believe that in the market where physician be increasingly choose large physician practice such as 21st Century , the company will continue to be present with numerous attractive investment opportunity from group that want to join 21 C. it be committed to achieve a capital structure that will enable it to provide premier technology , resource and service to it physician , hospital system partner and clinical team worldwide and by that do , the company will also generate attractive reward from it stakeholder .  it very much for join it today . and it look forward to provide it with update of it process in future call and document .  it very much .  it , operator . 