for some time now , it have talk about it two primary goal : first , to strengthen the balance sheet and enhance financial flexibility , and second , to execute on it organic growth strategy . with the refinancing announce last week , it be pleased to share that it near - term balance sheet objective be substantially complete , and it expect to achieve it goal of under 5x net leverage by 2019 . it know it need to deliver on both of it objective . to that end , organic growth be take longer than originally anticipate for several reason that it will discuss today . but it be fully focused on it organic growth objective , and it will have more to share with it in the come week and month . move on to the performance of it portfolio in the quarter . total revenue be down 7 % year - over - year , exclude divested brand , an improvement from the 11 % decline in the first quarter . similar to recent quarter , the decline be not reflective of the trend across the entire portfolio , but primarily relate to three brand : Danskin , Starter and op , Ocean Pacific . from an expense standpoint , it manage accordingly through the second quarter , with SG&A down 9 % , drive by low bad debt expense and low compensation expense . it plan on maintain discipline and control of it expense as it manage to current trend in the business . despite organic growth headwind , it report adjust operating income in excess of $ 35 million and operate margin of 57 % . it non - gaap net income be up 18 % , primarily drive by interest saving in the quarter from the reduction of debt . in the quarter , it also complete the sale of it entertainment segment , bring in $ 345 million of cash . now for it revenue result by segment , revenue in the woman ’s segment be down 12 % in the quarter . the primary driver of the decline be the Danskin brand . as discuss in it last earning call , the Danskin now contract with Wal - Mart change from a tiered structure to a flat rate . this account for approximately 2/3 of the Danskin decline in the second quarter , with the rest due to a decrease in sale . as it mention last quarter , it expect sale to be down slightly for the entire year , but year - over - year trend be expect to improve in the second half as the impact of the new rate move in it favor . in addition , it have resign it upstairs licensee and have increase distribution with new account in new category for it Danskin brand . it Ocean Pacific brand be also down this quarter . as it mention before , op in Wal - Mart have be narrowly position as a pure swim brand . it will be transition out of Walmart this year and it will be reposition Ocean Pacific as an authentic , year - round , California lifestyle brand that be the founding of Ocean Pacific . it have already demonstrate this with the success of it Urban Outfitters collaboration this summer season , and it have already place Ocean Pacific into an exciting new program for next summer with a lead department store chain in the U.S. it believe it continue effort will further reinvigorate the brand and provide the path to a successful future . the rest of the woman ’s portfolio be relatively stable . it would like to advise today that over the next year , the mossimo brand will begin to be phase out of Target . Mossimo be one of the strong brand in it portfolio . it have extremely high favorability across all demographic , and base on a recent study that it conduct , it find that Mossimo be a brand that consumer would expect to find across a broad variety of retailer , include mass department store , off - price and online . it be currently explore opportunity with alternative seller , and it will update it on it progress when appropriate . while it be reposition Mossimo , it want to emphasize that Iconix and Target continue to have a strong and long - stand partnership . it have finalize an exciting new multiyear program with Target for one of it brand , and it will have more detail to share in the come month . it also continue to have a strong business with the Fieldcrest brand in Home with Target . revenue in the man ’s segment be down 18 % in the quarter . similar to last quarter , the Starter brand drive more than half of the man ’s decline . after many year with Wal - Mart , Starter be now nonexclusive . it be share with it today that it have find a new home that it think consumer will be very excited about . it will also be relaunche the brand this fall with a new product line that it will provide more detail on in the next few week . while it can not discuss the specific now , it believe this be a significant opportunity for starter and for Iconix . it expect starter to be completely out of Wal - Mart by the middle of next year . it strong perform brand in the man ’s segment be PONY , with revenue up significantly . PONY be one of the brand it have identify as a key growth driver . and this fall , it be plan on a broad footwear launch design to drive incremental sale in the back half . it Buffalo brand continue to perform well , and as it recently announce , it make the strategic decision to retain it 51 % interest in the Buffalo brand , which it have previously contemplate selling . Buffalo have be a strong perform brand in both Canada and the U.S. , and it believe there be additional growth potential . revenue in the home segment be up 7 % in the quarter , exclude the Sharper Image revenue in the prior year . overall , the home business remain healthy , with strong partnership , include Royal Velvet at JCPenney , Fieldcrest at Target and Charisma at Costco . growth in the quarter be drive by the Charisma and Waverly brand , which have be sell through new distribution , include Macy ’s , QVC and Wayfarer for Charisma ; and BJ ’s and at Home for Waverly . part of this strength in the quarter be a shift of Charisma in a program at Costco from the third quarter to the second quarter , so – and as such , it should see a reversal of some of this in the third quarter . revenue in the international segment be up 3 % for the quarter . it achieve solid growth across the key region of China , Europe and Latin America . China , lead by the new business across Starter , Danskin , Umbro , Rampage and Rocawear , contribute the large gain for the quarter as it begin to generate meaningful royalty for brand that have not previously be sell . it also recently announce that it buy 100 % ownership of it canadian joint venture . with full ownership and control , it believe it will be able to better monetize it brand in Canada , an underpenetrated geography where it believe there be room for growth . Iconix have a strong track record of growth in the territory where it have previously acquire full interest , include Latin America and China , and it expect to continue this success through the full ownership of Iconix Canada . it would also like to note that while the deconsolidation of the Southeast Asia joint venture have no impact on two – excuse it , second quarter revenue , go forward , revenue from Southeast Asia will not be reflect in it top line revenue result . there be approximately $ 2.6 million of revenue from Southeast Asia in the second half of 2016 for which there will be no comparable revenue in 2017 . it update revenue guidance reflect this shift . it will now turn the call over to Dave Jones , it Chief Financial Officer .  , John .  , everybody . as mention in it press release this morning , in the course of finalize the result for the second quarter of 2017 , the company determine that the Southeast Asia joint venture should be deconsolidate . this deconsolidation be trigger by it joint venture partner ’s payment of the final purchase price installment for it interest in the JV , which it receive in late June . follow – flow the deconsolidation through the company ’s financial statement be a time - intensive process . and as a result , the company be report today it preliminary result exclude the effect of this deconsolidation , and it result will be subsequently adjust as describe in the press release . as a reminder , the sale of it entertainment business close on June 30 , and the follow discussion be relate to continue operation only . move on to result . in the second quarter of 2017 , revenue be $ 61.6 million , a 7 % decline from the prior year quarter when exclude revenue from divested brand . SG&A be $ 26.8 million , a 9 % decline as compare to $ 29.5 million in the prior year quarter , drive by low compensation and bad debt expense . in the second quarter , it record a $ 23.2 million charge primarily relate to licensee termination associate with the transition of one of it brand to a new license . exclude the license termination charge in 2017 and income from divested brand and a loss on the sale of trademark in 2016 , operate income be $ 35.3 million , a 6 % decline as compare to $ 37.6 million in the prior year quarter . operate margin adjust for the onetime item be approximately 57 % . it expect operate margin for the full year to be in the mid-50s . interest expense in the second quarter of 2017 be $ 14.1 million , a 35 % decline as compare to interest expense of $ 21.9 million in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . the company ’s report interest expense include non - cash interest relate to it outstanding convertible note of $ 4.3 million in the second quarter of 2017 and $ 6.8 million in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . exclude the non - cash interest relate to the company ’s outstanding convertible note , interest expense be $ 9.8 million in the second quarter of 2017 , a 35 % decline as compare to $ 15.1 million in the first quarter of ‘ 16 . the low interest expense be relate to the company ’s significant reduction of debt over the past year . with it new term loan , the company expect non - gaap interest expense to be approximately $ 47 million in 2017 as compare to $ 54 million in 2016 . in the second quarter of 2017 , the company record a $ 13.9 million expense relate to the early extinguishment of a portion of it prior term loan , compare to a $ 4.3 million gain in the second quarter of last year relate to the repurchase of the portion of it convertible note which be purchase at a discount . these be both exclude from it non - gaap income and non - gaap earning per share . GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2017 be a loss of $ 16.3 million as compare to income of $ 10.6 million in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . however , when exclude certain non - operational onetime item , include the license termination charge and expense relate to the early extinguishment of debt , non - gaap net income for the second quarter of 2017 be $ 15.2 million , an 18 % increase as compare to $ 12.9 million in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . GAAP dilute earning per share for the second quarter of 2017 be a loss of $ 0.30 as compare to earning of $ 0.21 in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . and non - gaap dilute earning from continue operation for the second quarter of 2017 be $ 0.26 as compare to $ 0.25 in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . the benefit from the amortization of wholly own U.S. intangible asset for tax purpose be approximately $ 0.13 in the second quarter of 2017 as compare to $ 0.15 in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . non - gaap earning per share , adjust for the tax effect of deduction relate to the amortization of wholly - own intangible asset amortizable for U.S. income tax purpose , be approximately $ 0.39 in the second quarter of 2017 compare to $ 0.40 in the second quarter of ‘ 16 . over the last year , it have take significant step to strengthen it balance sheet and enhance it financial flexibility , and it be pleased with it progress . follow the sale of the entertainment segment and the subsequent repayment of $ 362 million of debt , which include the full extinguishment of a highly restrictive and expensive term loan , the company ’s total debt balance be approximately $ 814 million , a $ 650 million reduction , which be down approximately 44 % from less than a year ago . this balance , which do not reflect the recent closing of it new term loan , include approximately $ 419 million of senior secure note , $ 100 million variable funding note and approximately $ 295 million of the 2018 convertible note . with this significant reduction of debt , the company reduce it net leverage ratio to under 6x , represent an improvement of approximately two turn from the beginning of 2016 . improve it balance sheet enable it to secure new financing at more favorable term than in the past , as demonstrate through the new 5-year $ 300 million senior secured term loan facility with Deutsche Bank that it announce last week . the interest rate on the new term loan be 300 basis point low than it previous term loan and provide it with great financial flexibility . the proceed of the new term loan will be use to repay it $ 295 million of 2018 convertible note . it believe this loan demonstrate the confidence the investment community have in Iconix and it go - forward strategy . turn to guidance , as state in it press release this morning , it be revise it 2017 revenue , earning per share and free cash flow guidance . it expect 2017 revenue to be in the range of $ 225 million to $ 235 million as compare to it previous guidance of $ 235 million to $ 245 million . it guidance still imply improve trend in the second half . the revision be primarily relate to the timing of certain new initiative , the transition of certain licensee , and , as John discuss earlier , approximately $ 2.6 million of the revenue revision be relate to the deconsolidation of the Southeast Asia joint venture . it expect 2017 GAAP earning per share to be a loss of $ 0.06 to a loss of $ 0.01 as compare to it previous guidance of $ 0.29 to $ 0.44 . this revision be primarily relate to the charge from the termination of license , the expense relate to the early extinguishment of debt and the revenue recognition and will change once it have finalize the accounting gain for the deconsolidation of the Southeast Asia joint venture . it expect 2017 non - gaap earning per share to be in the range of $ 0.65 to $ 0.70 as compare to it previous guidance of $ 0.70 to $ 0.85 to reflect the revenue recognition – revision , sorry . it continue to estimate the tax saving in 2017 relate to the amortization of intangible asset to be approximately $ 29 million for the year , which would equate to approximately $ 0.51 of earning per share . therefore , it expect non - gaap earning per share , adjust for tax amortization , to be in the range of $ 1.16 to $ 1.21 per share . it expect 2017 free cash flow to be in the range of $ 65 million to $ 82 million as compare to it previous guidance of $ 105 million to $ 125 million . the revision be primarily relate to the $ 23.3 million charge the company incur in the second quarter as a result of terminating licensee , the downward revenue revision and a $ 10 million state tax audit settlement . it would also like to note that in June of 2017 , it receive $ 345 million of cash relate to the sale of the entertainment segment . it will now turn the call back to John for some closing remark .  , Dave . it have just complete it 16th month in this role . it set out to achieve two initiative , and it have achieve one . on growth , it be disappoint it have not make fast progress , which it attribute to the time program take to develop and challenge retail condition , but the team and it believe it can get this do . it be on the right track with the right strategy and team and brand with more potential than it have unlock heretofore . it be work on a number of new initiative , some of which it expect to announce in the near term , that it believe will boost confidence in it company ’s ability to drive new business . it expect to get this do .  it for listen this morning and it continued support . it will now open the call up for question . question - and - answer session  it very much . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of David King with ROTH Capital . it line be open .  .  , John and Dave . it guess , first off , on the revenue guidance , it look like it be still guide to organic growth in the back half , or a little bit of organic growth , it guess , if it back out Sharper Image . it guess , what sort of visibility do it have , John , into that ? how much – can it give it some context , how much GMR coverage do it have to get it there ? what do that reflect in new deal versus exist one versus exist runoff ? just some context , it think , would be helpful .  it . so Dave , two thing . let it just tell it it be in New York , Dave Jones be remote . so if it ’ a little wonky as it go back and forth , it just want it guy to know that . it think , Dave , actually , when it do the calculation – it say a few week ago at a conference that Q1 be down 11 % . it would make some improvement in Q2 , some improvement in Q3 , some improvement in Q4 . it be still on track to do that . it think when it finally get to Q4 , it be go to be flattish . there may be a little bit of growth there . it may be plus or minus a couple – a point or 2 , one way or another . but net - net , everything be just take a little bit longer to develop . so while it be make sequential improvement , it do not see positive – it be not 100 % sure it will have positive in Q4 . it think it will be up a little bit . so that ’ if it do – if it run the model , that ’ how it should really think of that . with respect to why it think it will have improvement over the back half , it ’ something like a Danskin – so while Danskin will be down for the year , because of the tiere royalty rate that it talk about , once it get to the second half , it get into a flat year - over - year , so it do not get kind of whacked on that one . a couple of the program that it have yet to announce will start to bring revenue in , in the second half of the year . some of it will go live and some will be position product for an early 2018 launch . it be still pursue some other initiative , many in the man ’s business that be , frankly , it think , interesting , just take it a little longer than it would like it to be . it mention that PONY – while have – while PONY have a good q2 , it think it will continue to get some traction in the second half . so the message it want it to understand be sequential improvement quarter - over - quarter . still not the positive it be look for . and that ’ how it should think about it model . okay . and then what do that reflect at all in term of the Target - Mossimo decision ? it guess , what ’ the timing of that ? and then , be it phase out woman ’s and – well , man ’s , it think it know about it . be it woman ’s as well , then ? and it guess , just how should it be think about that , the timing of that ? yes , it think the way to think about that be – it think Target have state it have a strategic direction of a launch of a bunch of new private label brand . it think the CEO , Brian , have say that . Mossimo have enjoy a many , many , many year relationship with Target . it have enjoy an excellent relationship with Target , as it mention . it still have strong Fieldcrest . it will be announce it have agree to and it be countersign right now a new program that it will announce shortly . but Mossimo , it be finalize exactly the term . but Mossimo will still have presence and the entire mossimo line will still have presence in Target . it will be able to find it in 2018 , although it start to fade out toward the last part of the year . and then the sell off will be complete in early 2019 for the entire brand . okay . oh the entire brand ? okay , perfect . yes , entire brand . that help . and then , Dave , probably for it . well , maybe a little bit for John . the – in term of the $ 23 million license termination charge , can it talk about that a bit more ? yes , Dave . it ’ David Jones . the $ 23 million be a couple of charge to terminate license early with exist licensee as it transition a brand to a new licensee . that be not typical for it , and so that ’ why it exclude it from the non - gaap . it would not expect any of that to reoccur . it be a fairly significant event . and it think it will be able to talk more about the new deal in the come week and month . the $ 2.5 million of special charge , as it know , it still have the SEC review open . it do not have any further update on that . so while the volume of charge have slow , it still anticipate it to continue for some period of time . but some of the other stuff , it be make progress on . so hopefully , those charge will continue to slow as it go forward .  for take it question and good luck , look forward . and it next question come from the line of Andrew Roberge with Guggenheim . it line be open . hi ,  guy . so it guess it first question be , it be about two quarter into the plan it lay out in November . there ’ be a lot of change at the company . so how do it guy just sort of feel about the portfolio ? be there still more brand to go ? or be it sort of past that phase and into the acquisition phase ? so it think , Andrew , it be 100 % correct . it be two quarter into a 12-quarter plan . and remember , it be clear on the – with several initiative , when it talk to people at Investor Day , it say it have get to work on the balance sheet , and again , it feel like it be substantially there . the only outstanding piece at this point be the VFN , and it be basically – it have get term agree to . it be not quite do , but it be a week , 1.5 week away from have that do . so it feel like it have substantially shore that up . it also talk about really think about the portfolio differently and then it also talk about growth . it spend a bunch of time talk about growth , so it will not stay on that path right now . with respect to the portfolio , if it remember , it put brand into three category . it say there ’ some driver opportunity . it be still focus primarily on those driver opportunity . those be thing like PONY , as it mention before . those be thing like Danskin . Starter be in there . Umbro be in there . it have get a bunch of good thing happen with all those brand . it also talk about some of the incubate brand and say , be it the right business for it long term ? either make it big or , potentially , it make sense to have a well home . and then it talk about the maintain business . it think at this point , it be 28 brand . it think it have clear strategy on all of those . so it do not think , at this point , it be actively look to dispose of any other brand or sell any other brand at this point . it do sell both it entertainment business and it Sharper image business . it get , it think , very attractive multiple , 13x - ish ebitda . so it be always open to listen if somebody really think that it want to pay it a very aggressive price for one of it brand . but it think the one it have today , it feel very good about it . it believe it have get good growth plan for all of those . with respect to acquisition , it do state at Investor Day , while it be not it primarily objective , it do want to look for good opportunity in the marketplace . it do say by the end of 2019 , it would have about $ 25 million of royalty come from acquisition . it have obviously have to use a lot of it cash to get out of some loan and pay down some debt . so it be a little bit tight on the cash , but for the right opportunity , it know that it can get funding . it feel very good about it new relationship with Deutsche Bank , who give it a $ 300 million term loan . it be align with Deutsche Bank not just to fund the – to repay the 2018s , but rather to have a long - term banking relationship with it . so it think when the right opportunity present it , it will be able to go chase it . and it be actively look for opportunity . it just have not find anything it like yet . okay , great . and then just a question about where it guy be as pure e - com player , it exposure there . sort of what be it do to increase penetration there ? and then be it only look in the U.S. ? or be that also an international growth opportunity for it guy as well ? so it think two thing . when it talk e - com , Andrew , it want to answer that two way . the first be it have a very active e - com presence today because it brand sell through Walmart.com and through jcp.com and through Kohls.com . so it tend to support all of it partner . with Wal - Mart , as an example , not only do it work hard with Walmart.com , it work a lot with Jet.com to even add more brand onto it site . so it be aggressive in make sure it partner , it retail partner , can make sure it product help it drive it omni business . it do have a business with Wayfair right now . so in a pure play , it have get waverly in there . it be obviously look at a couple of other pure - play e - com opportunity , domestic . internationally , it be have this conversation the other day about Alibaba and where it can play base on some of the brand that be commit to in China and which one be available . so it be work on strategy with it as it speak . in Europe , it have , again , strong relationship . so if it think of something like Sports Direct , which be a big partner for it in the U.K. Sportsdirect.com be a big player , and it be part of it business there . and as an example , Lee Cooper Jeans and Ocean Pacific both perform well in it store as well as through it e - com business . and then it have other relationship with some pure - play over there , include Zalando – and it be space , it apologize . but it know Willy ’ get another one go over there as well . so it be try to be aggressive . it be try to , wherever possible , make sure it product get good pure - play opportunity while maintain it business of asset light not only in inventory , not only in it dc , not only in it own order management system . so that ’ how it will continue to approach it for the near future . okay , great .  that most .  it . and it next question be from the line of Eric Beder with FBR . it line be open . Eric , it ’ good to hear it voice again .  it . Could it talk about the strategic driver ? and it be go to apologize because it have some technical difficulty in the beginning , if it – this be repetitive . it make that Canada acquisition . what be the logic on that ? and why do it want to take that back ? it think – it enter into a relationship with the Bitton family 5-ish year ago where it buy half of Buffalo and sell half of Iconix Canada . it think the Buffalo business perform well for a while . and frankly , it ’ accelerate now . and therefore , it want to stay in that . and it be partner closely with Gabby and Charles Bitton and it partner at GBG . and it think Buffalo , for the next several year , have a lot of opportunity . with respect to Canada , realistically , Gabby be – it be the minority partner there – or it should say , Gabby be drive the business day in , day out . and it do not feel like it be make as much traction as it need to . and when it have go in and take – buy JVs back , think of Latin America , think of China , it have actually be able to accelerate the business . and it think that , that be the right way for it to capture a big source of it canadian business . Canada , as a rule of thumb , tend to be about 10 % of the U.S. when it think of opportunity up there . it probably will not be quite that big for it because some brand do not have – it do not have the right . for instance , it do not own Joe Boxer in Canada . but it think it can be big than it be . and in conversation with Gabby , it all come to the conclusion that the good opportunity for it to kind of double the business up there , albeit off of a small base , be if it jump in and manage it it . so base on successfully do this in Latin America and China , base on want Gabby and the Bitton family to really help it drive the Buffalo business and base on it ability to take many brand that it can have conversation in the U.S. , think Wal - Mart Canada , think Costco Canada , think of some opportunity like that , it HBC contact . it just think it could take that and run it a little bit better . great . do it see any other opportunity on the JV side for that ? it contractually have three relationship with GBG , Europe , MENA Southeast Asia . and all in three of those , it have put call option come down the road here , anywhere from a year to two year . so it think in all of those case , it will actively talk to Dow and to Jason and figure out what the right answer be for those business and what ’ the right way to continue to partner with GBG , with whom it do a lot of business and it consider to be a strategic ally . but in place like Europe and in Southeast Asia and the Middle East , North Africa , it do want to determine what ’ right way for it to drive it business in those market . great . it guy have do a great job with the debt . it have get one more note come due , the $ 100 million variable . how do it – what do it – what ’ the thought process there in take that out ? Eric , it may have , maybe during the technical difficulty . it do mention briefly . Jason ’ sit close to it , so it will make sure it do not say anything it should not say . but basically , it have be work on this . it have it partner line up . it think it be a week or two away . it have essentially agree to term . and it think it be literally 7 , 10 day away from have that one do . well okay it think it be good .  it .  it . and it next question be just from the line of Steven Marotta with C.L.K. and Associates . it line be open .   it for take it call . John , it believe that it say that a new deal for Mossimo be likely at some point in the relatively near future , and it would be transition out of Target . be it possible if that happen in the very near term , that the brand would not be in Target in 2018 ? no , no . it have – target maintain exclusivity through , Steve – it be not officially sign . but right now , where it believe it be land the plane be it have exclusivity through , it think it be think the end of October . so essentially , that take it into spring 2019 . so it energy right now be find a home – it say spring 2019 . it do not know what it say . it mean to say 2019 . so ostensibly , it energy right now , and it have get plenty of runway in front of it , be to land the brand for spring of 2019 . so that ’ when it think it would – when it would expect to see it somewhere else . again , when it look at it portfolio of 28 brand , it be very proud of all of it , of course . but when it look at the mossimo brand and the strength of the brand , the awareness of the brand , the favorability rating , the appeal both dual gender as well as across various age group as well as income , and then it have do – it have talk to consumer and say where may it expect to find this , where would it go look for it ? and it get really , really good mark . so it have a partner line up from a maker ’s standpoint . so it be out – it will be out shortly in the market make presentation and believe that Mossimo will be firmly in place for spring of 2019 . now , nothing be do until it ’ do , but it be work like crazy toward that . and it ’ a fashionable brand , great awareness . it think it can bring a lot to a couple of retailer out there .  it and as it relate to – it mention op out of Wal - Mart soon and Starter out of Wal - Mart soon . Can it talk about the dislocation associate with put those brand in new channel ? and when that may occur ? and if there ’ a headwind associate with that , particularly in 2018 ? so it think it want to be careful not to talk about 2018 yet , it be work on budget . it be a couple of month away . so not ready to give it a directional 2018 . it can tell it , Starter , it will be talk about in the very near future here , it think a very good new opportunity . it think it ’ a chance to bring Starter back to the heritage of what it be . Starter really be the first logo strong athletic brand out there . it think there ’ a chance to upgrade the product , upgrade the price point and appeal to a consumer that still be very , very aware of starter . so it hear about that – it will hear about that relatively soon . Ocean Pacific . Ocean Pacific be a lifestyle brand with tremendous heritage that have have a very good partnership with Wal - Mart . but season after season , it get just a little bit narrow , and it get to a point where it be really just a swim brand in for the swim season . and it ’ a lifestyle brand , and that be demonstrate this summer with the collaboration it have with Urban Outfitters that sell very well . and frankly , a bunch of the industry take note of what the brand really could be , the breadth of it and the brand more as a lifestyle brand versus a pure swim . and so as a result of that , it have it place for next summer . not at a point yet to share that partner , because that ’ it decision , not ours . but it be very excited about bring Ocean Pacific back , not op , Ocean Pacific back as a total lifestyle brand . and it think that will allow it to get back to a royalty rate that it be get from it partner at Wal - Mart . that will take a little bit longer . starter will happen pretty quickly . Ocean Pacific will take a little bit longer . but it think the fact that Urban Outfitters grab it , the fact that it have get a place for next summer , these be really good indication of where that brand can go and can be reposition . great . David , just one question . what be the annualize interest expense right now from a run rate standpoint ? it would expect 2017 interest expense to be about $ 47 million . and that compare to $ 54 million in ‘ 16 . and so the back half of this year be essentially the run rate ? obviously , there should not be any – well , there should not be any notable delta in 2018 to it expectation , assume everything else be equal . yes , the back half should be the run rate , it think . excellent .  it , that ’ great .  it . and it next question be from the line of James Chartier with Monnes , Crespi , and Hardt . it line be open .  .  for take it question . just want to kind of touch back on the brand – mossimo exit target and the Wal - Mart brand . it mean , by it math , that ’ somewhere close to $ 40 million of revenue , which be a significant part of it annual run rate . it mean , what ’ it comfort level that it will be able to kind of maintain at least that level ? and when do it think it will kind of be back to that kind of run rate for those brand ? James , this be John . it will give it a comment . Dave may have a few , as well . it be a little bit high on it number . but again , if it look at those three brand – it will just stick with those for a second . Mossimo will still have a business in 2018 . and again , if it time this right , and this be what it be work toward , if it can land for spring of 2019 , it end up come down a little bit in 2018 as it make the transition , but then it get it back on the right track for 2019 . starter , it have be shrink as Wal - Mart have take some category away and have make it a little bit more commodity - like . it think with the opportunity to reposition , it will have a pretty good 2018 on Starter . it will still make up , it will still be a little bit short of where it be in 2017 just because of the strength and breadth of Wal - Mart . but it feel good about that placement . full stop . Ocean Pacific be go to take – as it mention a second ago , Ocean Pacific be one that , while it be narrow at Wal - Mart , it still sell a lot of swim , let it be clear . as a lifestyle brand , it believe it can get it back . that one will probably take an extra year versus the other 2 . in many of those case , when it can go back out to the market , potentially in a wholesale relationship , it will have an opportunity that – the brilliance of a relationship with someone like a Wal - Mart be it be just – it be great partner , but it can be really tough on a royalty rate . as it have a chance to reposition this , it do not always have to get the same absolute volume back to get it royalty rate back . so that ’ – as it look to reposition , as it look to think about where these brand can live and with whom it will partner , there be opportunity to get it royalty rate back without have to get an absolute retail market sale volume back . and so as it do it projection out for the next couple of year , it see it be able to bridge these thing probably a little easy than it model would say it could . okay . and then , Dave , so the Southeast Asia , it be lose some revenue there . do it get some portion of that back in the equity earning line ? and if so , how much ? yes , James . so it do lose the revenue and the expense . so net , the earning should be the same . and when it talk about it , it think it say – sorry , it can not find it in it note , but it think it ’ about $ 4 million a year of revenue . okay . and then can it talk about – it talk a lot about kind of the drag the first half of the year . where be it see success on some of the new initiative since it take over , John ? there be some drag . some of the new initiative mention before that it – it be make – let it just kind of go segment by segment to help . it be go to start with international . it have make some – it be just go to talk about brand performance , Jim , it think that ’ what it be talk about ? okay . because again , it would start with – it have get a strong balance sheet , and that make everyone ’s life better . but with brand , it think if it start internationally , it feel like it be make some nice progress . Europe have be a bit of a struggle for it , and it be start to make some traction there . China continue to perform very well for it . Latin America perform very well for it . frankly , except for a couple of small glitch , international would be up even more . so it feel like the team there , good strong team base throughout the world , but it drive a bunch of it out of the U.K. Strong player there , some new player there , some strong player in Latin America and in China , that ’ make a difference for it . in Home , it be fortunate it have get several just dtr which be good , solid . but Waverly have be a business that have continue to grow for it . the team not only have a strong dtr with Wal - Mart , call Waverly Inspirations , which be up , but also several wholesale line , partnership in just the Waverly brand , and so it continue to make traction there . man ’s continue to be a challenge for it . when it think fashion , it have say – it say to someone the other day , it have do probably five earning call , and every single time , it feel like it be say fashion be just around the corner . it be still say that . obviously it ’ a very , very long corner because it have yet to get all the way around it . but it have change out it approach on Rocawear , where it have a new licensee who understand this space . and it will present this at MAGIC in one week , it think next week it be out there , with a whole new line , and it feel like it will finally start to turn that thing north again as it get into 2018 . Ecko continue to show promise . it do have a fragrance that go away . scion , the partnership be make progress . it have get some mega store go into JCPenney , so it feel good about that . Buffalo be a decision it say that it decide to stay in . it think about get out of it . that team have do a nice job . and all of a sudden , it be get some good traction there . it mention PONY and then Starter . as it mention earlier , it have get a great story to tell it , but it be just kind of a month early to tell it that . and it have one more opportunity within man ’s that it will be share that ’ probably two month out . woman ’s be a primarily a DTR business . strong partnership with Kohl ’s and continue to do well . just re - sign Sarah Hyland . it do have to fight like crazy to make sure it get Mossimo in the right spot for spring of 2019 . Danskin , it feel like it have drive the upstairs market better . strong relationship with it partner here in the neighborhood , and just reassign and it feel like it have get a growth trajectory with that individual . and a couple of small brand , like rampage , it have just historically relied on the footwear business for rampage . it have sign a new ready - to - wear partner there who already have placement still in the fourth quarter this year , which be brand - new news for it , and then really into spring 2018 . so a series of incremental gain that it need to now collectively harness into the right total organic growth number that it be look for . but it think a series of small win and a couple of big win that it will announce shortly . great .  and good of luck .  it . and it final question be from the line of Patrick Marshall with Cowen and Company . it line be now open . patrick it line be now open . Patrick , be it there ? it may be on mute . Mr. Patrick it line be open . it can not hear it . Patrick Marshall Can it hear it ? it can now Patrick . Patrick Marshall okay , sorry about that , tough reception here . but it think that it guy obviously address the bet and everything . and it think with that last question , it may have address it question on where it be with it growth initiative on brand like PONY and some of the other small guy . do it have any other brand that it could point to that may be – it think there ’ potential for real growth within the brand ? the short answer be yes . the long answer be some of it ’ a little premature to talk about today . but it , like most company , do 3-year planning . it have be work on that with it board recently , and it project out what it think 2018 , 2019 and 2020 will look like . and it think PONY , as it mention and it mention , have a pretty good future . it think Starter actually have a very good future . so it have get a handful of brand . the trick in this , Patrick , be always it need a – it ’ like a portfolio , it need it brand to kind of balance each other out , some good and some that come off a little bit , and it need one or two good hit a year . it have get several of those line up . the question ’ always sequence and it always take a little longer than it think it ’ go to . it will have more to share in the next couple of month , and it will have more when it talk to it at the end of Q3 . but it do , as it look down the road , see several brand that can be big and more than it have be heretofore . Patrick Marshall  it . and  it . and now , it would like to turn the call back to John Haugh for it final remark . all right . it just want to say  it to everybody for it ongoing support . it question make it sharp every day . it be very proud of what it have do on the balance sheet and on the debt side of thing . it know it need to work harder , smarter , faster on the growth . and it have the entire management team ’s commitment that it will continue to make progress on that . 