 and  it for join it 2015 first quarter earning call . on the call today be Rich Bressler , President , Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer ; and Brian Coleman , Senior Vice President and Treasurer . it will provide an overview of the first quarter 2015 financial and operate performance of iHeartMedia , Inc. and it subsidiary iHeart Capital I , LLC and iHeartCommunications and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings , Inc. for purpose of this call , when it describe the financial and operate performance of iHeartMedia , Inc. , that also describe the performance of it subsidiary , iHeart Capital I , LLC and iHeartCommunications . after an introduction and a review of the quarter , it will open up the line for question . before it begin , it would like to remind everyone that this conference call include forward - look statement . these statement include management 's expectation , belief and projection about performance and represent management 's current belief . there can be no assurance that management 's expectation , belief or projection will be achieve or that actual result will not differ from expectation . please review the statement of risk contain in it earning press release and filing with the SEC . pace datum will also be mention during the call . for those of it not familiar with pace datum , it reflect revenue book at a specific date versus the comparable date in a prior period and may or may not reflect the actual revenue growth rate at the end of the period . during today 's call , it will provide certain performance measure that do not conform to Generally accept Accounting Principles . it have provide schedule that reconcile these non - gaap measure with it report result on a GAAP basis as part of it earning press release and the slide presentation , which can be find on the Investors Section of it website , iheartmedia.com and clearchanneloutdoor.com . please note that it two earning release and the slide presentation provide a detailed breakdown of foreign exchange and non - cash compensation expense item , as well as segment revenue and OIBDAN . please note that the information provide on this call speak only to management 's view as of today , April 30 , and may no longer be accurate at the time of replay . with that , it will now turn the call over to Rich Bressler . Richard Bressler  , effie , and  , everybody . once again , as Effie mention , it can find it presentation slide on it website . it continue to strengthen it position as a lead medium and entertainment company , it be relentlessly move ahead on the technology front and work to use iHeartMedia 's cross - platform asset in creative way that it believe continue to redefine the future of consumer medium and entertainment . as it tell it often , it business model be simple . create deep relationship with consumer , and then rent the use of those relationship to it advertiser . it reach consumer through all of it platform , outdoor , broadcast radio , event , digital , mobile and social , and it strong result in the first quarter showcase it progress . let it spend a few minute to review on it key initiative year - to - date . on an industry level , it believe radio be a favorite of consumer , but it be still underutilize and under - monetize by advertiser , and it be take aggressive step to change that by focus on make it company as advertiser - friendly and datum - drive , as the major digital - only player . this not only make do business with it as easy as any digital company , it also play to it strength , deliver ROI to advertiser . it have a large and engaged audience and it believe that return on advertising investment , it provide , be even more impressive . it be sit on a significant amount of datum , and need to make sure that it make advertising space on radio easy to buy and it return easy to measure , as advertiser shift it focus to ROI . it recently announce a programmatic automate buying platform for iHeartMedia and Radio , the first of it kind in the industry . as it all know , programmatic be already an important and expected method of ad buying in the digital space . it new buying platform will bring broadcast radio into that world of scale , and it believe no other audio provider can offer this . this programmatic solution will also allow it to apply it datum and insight to the planning process to enable unique form of target . these include music - base psychographic group , weather and traffic pattern , purchase behavior and other environmental population and consumer trend . drive the good ROI for the advertiser be critical to it new programmatic platform . and as it add pricing algorithm , it will not focus on the cheap price , instead , as Google pioneer , it will focus on deliver the good value . this be good for the advertiser and good for it . in addition , this new tool will free - up it sale people from administrative task , give it the ability to double - down on it most important task , partner deep than ever before with advertiser , and provide the good resource accountability and speed to every one of it client . the advertising industry be move towards use datum to evaluate what it buy and how it performance , and it be excited to bring this to radio , in addition to the benefit of it large scale and high ROI . last week , it get great response from the advertising industry on it first sound front , show it range of sound product and it equivalent of the upfront . over at outdoor , it reach million of people through it global footprint , include more than 640,000 display in over 40 country with 1,193 digital billboard in North America and over 4,900 digital display in it international market . again , technology be a key theme across outdoor as well . with the growth of social medium mobile , and the fact that 70 % of consumer 's time be spend at home , more and more advertiser demand the flexibility to coordinate it outdoor spend with real - time event and product launch throughout the year . that make outdoor advertising even more relevant . it be engage with consumer through key location like it digital billboard in Times Square that span a full city block . follow on what it have be develop at iHeartMedia , programmatic will be important to Americas outdoor as well . it have this advantage of be able to leverage what it learn from the radio side to benefit outdoor . like radio , outdoor be unmonetized both on share of total advertising and on a CPM basis . and it remain excited about it be upside both for this sector and for it company . overall , it have an arsenal of talent , asset , engage audience and wide range capability that it can deliver the brand that help it connect to the audience it want . it believe it have create a truly powerful platform for advertiser , agency and brand to engage with the right audience at the right time , with a level of cost efficiency no other major medium company can offer . now , let it turn to slide 4 , and review it key financial highlight . as it do last quarter , when discuss it financial result on this call , it refer all result , exclude the unfavorable $ 54 million revenue impact of FX , as the strengthening of the dollar against the other major currency it transact in , affect it number on a report basis . it can find it report number in it earning release and SEC filing . in the first quarter , revenue be up 4 % , with increase of 7 % in international outdoor , 4 % at iHeartMedia and 3 % at Americas outdoor . OIBDAN rise 7.5 % drive by increase of 19 % in international outdoor , 9 % at iHeartMedia and 4 % at Americas outdoor . this be the second quarter in a row , where OIBDAN be up across iHeartMedia , Americas outdoor and international outdoor , when exclude the FX impact . it will go into more detail by each segment 's financial performance a bit later in the call . now , let it review it key non - financial highlight , start with Slide 5 . at iHeartMedia , it continue to focus on increase it brand awareness through it various platform . consumer brand awareness reach 80 % in April , up from 75 % at the end of last year , put it ahead of major digital player like Spotify . it surpass 63 million iHeartRadio register user in the quarter , grow 34 % year - over - year . as a reminder , this do not account for the million of user , who listen to iHeartRadio 's live streaming radio station , which do not require registration . so the apps total reach be even great . total listening hour also continue to grow , increase 17 % year - over - year in the first quarter . it continue to break it own record in social , with last month 's iHeartRadio Music Awards generate 14 billion social impression , more than 75 % high than last year 's show and nearly triple that of last year 's Academy Awards . the social success of the iHeartRadio Music Award be fuel by it local radio station and personality , engage in live real - time conversation with band before , during and after the award , both on app and through social . it also engage with fan through new social integration , include Snapchat and Twitter Periscope broadcast . accord to Nielsen TV Twitter Ratings , the iHeartRadio Music Award hold strong , as the number one trending show of the week , surpass the Nickelodeon 's Kids ' Choice Awards , and the much anticipate finale of the Walking Dead . it also have great broadcast rating . the iHeartRadio Music Awards be rate number one in the 18 to 49 age group across the big 4 broadcast network that night . these result continue to illustrate what a significant social player it company have become . these major event be an important embed part of it sale strategy , as it have a positive impact on it advertising relationship as well as great promotion and brand building for it station . let it reiterate that it strategy be not to turn event into individual profit sector , but instead use these tent pole as an important way to differentiate it from a sale , branding and promotional perspective , and include it as an element on it most important relationship . it event business continue to grow , and it have the iHeartRadio Country Music Festival come up this weekend at Austin , Texas , and the Ultimate Pool Party come up later in the second quarter . it be use it event , social and digital capability to further deepen relationship with advertiser by both amplify it message and engage with consumer before , during and long after event show or radio program . Social , it new telephone have make radio a truly interactive medium . it continue to focus on be everywhere the consumer expect to find it , and in - dash and major device integration be a key pillar of that strategy . from a distribution perspective , it announce iHeartRadio 's integration with Xbox One as well as with BMW and many vehicle . although , it be in substantially all car through AM / FM radio be able to integrate with a variety of platform give it an additional point of contact with it consumer , and it believe give additional value to it advertiser . with that , let it remind it that AM / FM radio remain the overwhelmingly preferred audio entertainment option in the car , as highlight in the recent research study conduct by Ipsos , a lead global independent marketing research company . while consumer use new streaming service , virtually all consumer , 99 % be comfortable with the current AM / FM in car radio operation , and 91 % of consumer say it actually prefer physical AM / FM radio button and control build into the car dashboard rather than AM / FM be an app that appear in the car 's electronic interface . in addition , AM / FM radio still dominate in - car listening , as the top platform use , with 84 % of consumer use it in the car , follow by cd player at 64 % , but radio still maintain a huge leadership position over the other service . for example , Sirius XM be at 22 % , Pandora be 18 % , it iHeartRadio digital app be 8 % and Spotify be 7 % . and the good news for it be that it continue to have a very strong presence in both broadcast and digital radio . the Ipsos study combine with the result of the ROI study conduct by Nielsen Audio and Nielsen Catalina Solutions that show a six - to - one return on radio advertising dollar be important datum point in demonstrate radio 's power , as it continue to close the gap between radio 's massive consumer scale and engagement and it relatively low share of advertising spend . on the station front , last month it announce a national hip - hop icon Big Boy , would anchor around new hip - hop and r&b station real 92.3 in Los Angeles . as a reign all start of hip - hop radio in Los Angeles , and one of the most famous personality in LA radio , Big Boy kick off on Real 92.3 by welcome the big name in hip - hop duet show , and it be be a huge win for LA market . ordinarily , it do not bog it down with rating info in specific market , but in it first month Real 92.3 become the number two station in LA in the 18 to 34 age group , second only to it own KISS FM . move to outdoor on Slide 6 . it team continue to focus on superior execution to deliver both new and organic growth across the portfolio . last month it be thrill to announce , as Scott Wells become Chief Executive Officer of it Americas outdoor division . Scott join from Bain Capital , where it serve as an Operating Partner . and as it know , it be a member of it Americas outdoor Office of the President since August 2014 . Scott also serve on the Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings , Inc. Board of Directors for six year , provide a unique vantage point to observe the company and make contribution from a Board level . prior to Bain Capital , Scott hold several executive role at Dell , Inc. under Scott 's leadership , along with Rocky Sisson and Gene Leehan , and the rest of the Americas outdoor team , it be continue to revitalize the organization . and although there be still much to be do , it be very pleased with it progress today . it also announce that William Eccleshare , who formerly hold the title of CEO of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings , Inc. have decide that , in order to intensify it focus on the increase potential of the international outdoor advertising market , it would serve as Chairman and CEO of international outdoor . after a very successful 2014 , in which it outperform the market , it have ambitious plan for international outdoor in 2015 and beyond . William will continue to build on International Outdoors momentum and drive it strategy for long - term profitable growth . Bob Pittman now also serve as Chairman and CEO of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings , Inc. as part of this announcement , it also decide it will be move it latin american operation under the leadership of Americas outdoor . through various initiative , it continue to provide advertiser and agency with opportunity to use out - of - home advertising to test creative boundary and create an even deep sense of engagement with consumer . now , let it review it segment financial . start with iHeartMedia on Slide 7 . first quarter revenue be up 4 % year - over - year . it outperform the radio sector , as mention by Miller Kaplan , and grow it overall radio business year - over - year , result from increase in it traffic and weather business , it syndication business drive by success in it news talk format , high barter and trade revenue as well as event . on the event front , there be two timing difference it would like to highlight . first , the iHeartRadio Music Award show take place in the first quarter this year , but be in the second quarter last year . also , the iHeartRadio Country Music Festival be take place in the second quarter this year , but it be in the first quarter last year . it be happy to report that what it call it , local direct business , sale that be do at the local market level directly with the advertiser be up year - over - year , demonstrate now local advertiser continue to recognize the impact radio have have on ROI . on the agency side , it continue to focus on build relationship beyond just radio buyer to ensure that as the agency begin to plan the allocation to add dollar to various sector , radio will get it fair share . it programmatic effort be focus on make easier for agency to interact with and by radio advertising from both us and the industry . the advertiser category with the strong year - over - year growth include auto , food and beverage and entertainment . across the board , it be push ahead on all cylinder and it continued outperformance of the radio market reflect it effort . move to expense , it expense be up 2 % in the quarter , primarily result from high music license and performance royalty as well as high advertising and promotion expense , include barter and trade . partially offset the increase in expense be low event production cost and low general and administrative expense , as a result of efficiency initiative . it focus on increase operating leverage and return on capital deploy result in it drive more dollar to the bottomline in the first quarter and grow OIBDAN 9 % year - over - year , follow up on it strong OIBDAN growth of 7 % in the fourth quarter of 2014 . financial discipline and tight expense management be key priority for it . it be pleased with it first quarter result , and it be again demonstrate it ability to attract advertising dollar by leverage it multi - platform asset . now , let it review it second quarter pacing . as it have hear it say before , these pacing be just a snapshot in time and certainly do not include everything it do as a company . it second quarter pacing at iHeartMedia through the end of last week be pace up 3.8 % with core station up at 3.8 % as well . as it say earlier , from a timing perspective , the iHeartRadio Country Music Festival be in the second quarter of this year versus take place in the first quarter last year . also remember that last year be a political year and it have $ 10 million of political advertising revenue in the second quarter of 2014 . turn to Americas outdoor on slide 8 , it quarterly revenue be up 3 % , drive by it growth in digital , include increase capacity and occupancy as well as new revenue from it Times Square spectacular . in line with what it experience last year , it local performance continue to be very strong . there be still weakness in national , but it be make progress and have come a long way in the last year . expense be up 2.6 % in the quarter , primarily drive by variable expense as a result of high revenue , while OIBDAN increase 4 % . it be very pleased with it topline and bottomline growth this quarter in it Americas outdoor business . it top category in the quarter include retail , electronic equipment and government agency . as it mention earlier , it move it latin american operation into CCOA . so that business be include in it financial for this quarter and in the prior year . as for it pacing , which again reflect just 1 point in time , it second quarter pacing be slightly down at negative 0.6 % . as it may recall , the World Cup take place last June and that be a big revenue driver in it latin american business . exclude it latin american business , Americas outdoors be pace slightly up in the second quarter . it be see mid - single digit growth in both local and digital , and national be pace down , and this remain a core focus of it management team . turn to slide 9 . it international team continue to achieve topline growth , while drive more revenue to the bottomline . both new contract and organic growth across it portfolio contribute to it success . in the first quarter , revenue be up 7 % , drive by strong performance in Europe , specifically in Sweden , Italy and Norway , as well as growth in Australia and China . U.K. revenue be also up in the quarter . expense grow 6 % in the quarter , drive by high revenue and it OIBDAN climb 19 % . it second quarter pacing for international outdoor be down 2.3 % as of April 28 . this be drive by weakness in certain european country , such as the U.K. as well as in emerge market . as it mention in it previous call , keep in mind , that booking cycle be get short and short in it international business , as it be able to deliver advertising solution on it digital asset in a much short timeframe . once again , pacing be 1 point in time metric , and as it would expect , there be an inherent level of volatility week - to - week . this have be true in the pacing for it emerge market , which typically have less visibility than it develop market . it be see continue strength in France , Italy and Australia and New Zealand . on slide 10 , it show some of the item that effect year - over - year comparability . on consolidate expense , it incur approximately $ 10 million of cost relate to strategic revenue and efficiency initiative in the first quarter compare to about $ 13 million in the first quarter of 2014 . it continue to realize the benefit of these investment , as it drive more dollar to the bottomline with OIBDAN up 7.5 % this quarter on topline growth of 4 % . although it be not provide guidance for these cost go forward , it expect to continue to recover these cost this year on some level . at outdoor , it latin american business , as it mention earlier , be now include in Americas outdoor . turn to slide 11 . capital expenditure for the quarter be approximately $ 56 million compare to $ 67 million last year . the decrease be largely drive by a reduction of it corporate CapEx year - over - year . as a reminder , last year during Q1 it have increase spending relate to the build out of it New York office as well as high it capital expenditure relate to the implementation of new hr software . move to debt on slide 12 . it be stay focus on maximize the value of it business by continue to improve it capital structure and liquidity through capital market and strategic transaction . as of March 31 , iHeartMedia Inc. 's debt , net of cash , total approximately $ 20 billion . during the first quarter , it issue $ 950 million of 10.625 % priority guarantee note due 2023 and use the proceed to re - prepay all remain $ 931 million outstanding of term loan B and C. in addition , it borrow $ 120 million under the receivables base credit facility for general corporate purpose . with no significant debt maturity until 2018 , it can continue focus on grow topline and bottomline to course it business segment . it weighted average cost of debt be 8.4 % as of March 31 compare to 8.1 % as of December 31 , 2014 . now , it will turn to it balance sheet information and the debt ratio on Slide 13 . iHeartMedia 's cash total $ 289 million at March 31 , and it secure leverage be 6.4x . as a reminder , it complete the first closing of it previously announce sale of a portion of it tower portfolio in early April . in connection with the first closing , the company sell 367 tower site and related asset in exchange for $ 369 million of proceed . simultaneously with the first closing , it enter into lease agreement for the continue use of the tower , and it expect no operational impact as a result of the transaction . the financial impact of the first closing be detailed in the 8-k it file on April 3 . since this close after the quarter end , the cash proceed be not reflect in it balance sheet as of March 31 . in addition , during the quarter it close on the previously announce sale of two San Antonio building for total proceed of approximately $ 34 million . as it have discuss in the past , it be lease back a portion of the space and will incur some incremental rent expense . Clear Channel Outdoor end the quarter with $ 207 million in cash with a senior leverage ratio of 3.6x and it consolidated leverage ratio at 6.4x . again , it be very pleased with it first quarter result , and it think it be show encourage progress with it growth initiative go through 2015 . it have hear it say many time that it believe it be one of a kind medium company . it be work with brand , agency consumer , talent and partner to realize the full value of it multiplatform asset . consumer do not think about what device it be use , it want what it want when the want wherever it be . and it be committed to give it to it everywhere it want to find it . it keep invest in it capability to analyze and use the unique datum it have on consumer . it believe that it put it at the forefront of the datum revolution , automate the sale process and provide programmatic buying . it believe that the automation and the benefit of additional datum make easy for agency to buy from it , as it be to buy from digital - only player . through these and many other initiative , it will build on the power of sound and social , the power of outdoor and the emerge power of digital to create even strong marketing solution , while provide the most live entertainment with more content and more event in more place on more device to the industry 's most engaged audience wherever it be .  it very much again for join it . and now , let it open up the line for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it will take it first question from Jason Kim with Goldman Sachs . to start off , it be curious as to why it have choose to reclassify it latam operation from international to Americas , any driver behind that decision ? it know , the latam use to be in the ccoa in the year past , but it move it to it international , and now it be switch back . Richard Bressler it be really be a very practical decision . a couple of thing , it latin operation , it be physically locate in South Florida . so just from a management standpoint , it be easy to manage . it now have one corporate team for Latin America , which actually sit in Miami . so it make sense from an overall basis . so really it be just focus , and this allow Scott to focus on again because of the corporate team in Miami . with William move back and devote it full time responsibility to CCI and international operation , and the opportunity it have there , and a great job that it and it team have do to date , and look at the opportunity ahead . so really it be just from a focus standpoint and management standpoint . and quite frankly , it will be more efficient from a cost standpoint with corporate in Miami . and then if it can follow - up on the CCO about the stock buyback . it think it have buy about 9 million share of CCO for about the $ 90 million by iHeart . it look like the buyback program have end look at the 10-k. Can it remind it of it rationale for those transaction and then why now ? and be it fair to assume that , give it focus in preserve liquidity profile that it would not have spend this money unless it think it be investment with good near - term return potential ? Richard Bressler it think that the last tranche or repurchase that it do , the rationale be the same as the prior one . and it will run through those reason real quickly . first and foremost , it think the share price be attractive level and render good value . it go through this process evaluation back when it hit a 52-week low , and as it have see it have hit a 52-week high recently . so it have accumulate some share of outdoor at attractive level . but the primary driver be to counteract the solution that occur since the additional 10 % spin - off of equity that it do back in ' 05 . it be at 90 % back then . it have be dilute down through the use of equity as a currency for some acquisition , equity grant , various thing . so even after this last transaction , it be just back up to the 90 % threshold . it think it be just slightly over at 90.3 % . it be slightly under , before this last transaction . these transaction it be not easy to come by . there be only a few holder of block of this size , and it be approach on this last tranche . and so again , it be opportunity that come to it at good value . and so it be an easy way to get at 90 % , slightly above 90 % , give it a little bit of space to manage potential future dilution . the big drawback , as it do not exactly say , but maybe allude to , be it be a use of liquidity . but it think as long as it think it get good price on the stock , and certainly it be take some risk , it be something that can be turn back into liquidity , should it need to do that . so it be all those factor kind of stack up that give it the opportunity and the timing seem right . it feel pretty good today , give where the stock be trading , that it be the right decision . it be right in that . it exist authority have be exhaust . in fact , on this transaction , it go over that authority and have to seek separate board approval just for that piece . but the exist authority be exhaust and there be not another one in place . do not want to back it into a corner , say , it would not consider additional purchase , but there be not a shelf authority that be out there . it think it respond to most of the question , let it know if it leave anything off . if it can just squeeze one more question . so the medium and entertainment result for the first quarter be well than what it have anticipate . and it appear that 2q pacing , which be still early , but the 2q pace number be look very strong as well . how much of that be just iHeart outperform the industry versus the macro environment maybe just get a little well for advertiser right now ? Richard Bressler so it think it be a bunch of factor , right . first , base on the Kaplan , it think which as it have say , the industry be down in the first quarter with weakness in local , remember there be some harsh weather in Q1 . so the industry be down 3 , as it pull overall . it be up 4 , and it think it outperform the cost of good both in the local and on the national side . and this really point it ability to grow it overall revenue . and remember , just a couple of thing that be go on it think in the environment wherein which be important to remember . although , it mention what it local broadcast revenue be and it talk about it , the line be get increasingly blurry between local , regional and national spending across all the discipline , whether it be spot , whether that be digital , whether that be event , and it be well - position to benefit from this trend . it be focus on , just as a reminder , and say to it advertiser , radio partner , radio marketing partner , what be it challenge , what do it want to achieve , and how do it provide it with a solution across the board . and then when it look at , it also it think highlight from it event standpoint that it do have in the first quarter it have the iHeart Music Awards on NBC . well , that be in the second quarter last year . this year it have get the Country Festival be the second quarter , as a matter of fact this weekend , which be in the first quarter last year . and then it be also see growth in traffic and weather as well as national . and from the category perspective , auto be really pace up nicely year - over - year . it have the entertainment business , it have the movie studio , be pace up nicely year - over - year . so it feel both about the report result and about it well business go forward , it feel great . and at the same time , it think the opportunity have never be well . the next question in queue come from Avi Steiner with JPMorgan . a couple leave here . one , it be go to take the last question maybe from the margin perspective . another good quarter of margin expansion , and it be just go to discuss it ability to continue that , particularly in light it guess of all the investment it seem to be make , rightly so , and it plan to monetize the datum on the large platform ? and then it have get a couple follow - up . Richard Bressler it would tell it a couple of different thing . and first of all  on the margin . it say this a - year - and - a - half ago . a little over almost two year now , when Bob and it start on this together , in term of work together , in term of that margin expansion , manage cost be go to be a way of life here . if it look at this quarter , overall it have iHeart with 32 % margin , that be another increase of 1 point of 31 % . these be on OIBDAN margin to be clear . from last year , Americas outdoor be up 1 point . international outdoor be up 1 point in margin growth . so it be go to continue to have margin expansion in this company , because it be go to continue to vigorously focus on cost , continue to look for way to become more efficient , and quite frankly continue to look for way to reallocate resource . it be not just about take out cost , part of take out cost , and part be become just more efficient in term of the way it do business . and it will tell it , a great example it think of that be when it look at what it just announce over the last couple of week with it Jelli transaction , and everything it be look at from a programmatic standpoint that it be take really goal to bring additional level of sophistication , additional level of operational use for it buyer to purchase broadcast radio . that be go to make it well for the buyer and it be good to make it well for it and well for it guy , because it be go to be more efficient . and quite frankly , it be take massive step to revolutionize the programmatic buying process and extend that progress not just to digital , but to broadcast also and that will just make everything -- it think it will attract more buyer because of ease - of - use to buy . and today be be a challenge for the radio industry that it can leverage some technology to add value and efficiency to the purchase of radio , digital inventory , optimize the solution , and therefore bring more to the bottom line . and it do not want to spend too much time on pacing , since it know how it feel about it , but it just want to get some clarification . on the outdoor domestic pacing side , it have mention with and without Latin America , and it be try to get the good apple - to - apple , if it do not mind give it that again ? and then on the M&E pacing be that actual or adjust out political ? and be there any , it guess , later in the quarter event that may change that trajectory ? Richard Bressler so a couple of thing . on the outdoor in Latin America , that be about a $ 20 million impact revenue business in Q1 . and revenue be up on America 's outdoor slightly about 2 % on a year - over - year basis , if it factor out Latin America . and it think it talk about the effect on the Olympics of that -- around the World Cup , it be sorry for that , on the total comparison last year . it question on iHeartMedia , that do not -- that be report number in term of pacing . so there be not effect in term of factor out anything geopolitical . and the only thing that affect comparison it think be highlight already , which be the iHeart Music Awards on NBC , which be in the first quarter this quarter , second quarter last year . country , which be this weekend in Austin , Texas , be in the first quarter last year , the second quarter this year . it have a pool party in Las Vegas , which be in the second quarter in both year . and just as a reminder , it have about $ 10 million of political spending in the second quarter 2014 . so it think that cover all it question . and very last one for it . it and Bob recently buy equity to top the house and it be just curious what give it comfort buy it at that level ? and it will leave it at that . Richard Bressler well , it do . and just to be crystal clear , Bob and it go to the market , buy equity and it be it personal fund . it write it own check . and it hope it be self - evident that it be put money where it mouth be . in addition to all it have incentive that it have with this company . and it have say this before , when it look under the hood here it look at the asset it have , it look at the result it have leave the fourth quarter of last year . and it think as it go back to last year , it make progress , this be 2014 , the second quarter well than the first quarter , third quarter well than the fourth quarter , fourth quarter well than the third quarter . it continue to build upon that progress this year . and there be much progress as , Bob and it have make along with the rest of the management team , because it be a team effort here . along with the rest of the management team , it think it great opportunity be ahead of it . it continue to believe , and it think with all the datum point point to it , that it be the most under - monetize medium out there . it will remind everybody when Dave Calhoun of Nielsen bring Arbitron year ago , which be a significant event for it . it say , one of the reason it be buy or the main reason it be buy Arbitron , because it feel radio be the most misunderstood medium in America . and it think if it go , and then it do the ROI study with Nielsen Catalina and Nielsen and it show the 6 to 1 on that . to that point in term of every dollar that go in , advertiser 's get $ 6 back . and it go from that data point to it manage it cost , look at what it report result . it just touch upon briefly about the benefit of programmatic and the direction that be go . it benefit , and really point to the benefit of datum , the more datum out there , the more it ability to target , to more to bring easy advertising solution to the advertiser . and it advertiser partner on a cost - effective basis . so it would say , as every day go by it be more optimistic about it future , but it really do start with under monetization and that the simple reason it say it bough the stock . it next question in queue , that will come from David Miller with Topeka . if it would not mind give it a quick update on the Los Angeles digital situation ? it believe 90 day ago , at least rhetorically on the call , it have mention some sort of bogey of maybe the end of the second quarter as some sort of resolution either in the form of all the board get turn back on , some of the board get turn back on , replace some of the board with static board . just an update if it do not mind , would appreciate it . Richard Bressler so it would say two thing it be always consistent on over the last year - and - a - half . one be it always hate pacing . and two , it do not think it have ever give update on the resolution . it think it be too smart to give an exact date on the resolution of LA . it continue to work with the city on legislate solution that will have it digital board back within the LA city limit . it promise it nobody want that quick than it do . if it look at it over the last six month , there be be two public hearing on a lot of digital billboard in the city of LA . there be a couple of those hearing come up before the City Council vote on the ordinance . at least , as of today , that vote be schedule for sometime in the third quarter . as it have say before , and the reason why never predict an outcome here , this process take time . it be not sit on it hand . it be move forward . it have be select to see permit , to divert some of the board back to traditional vinyls static . it think it have mention that before . it have a total of 55 board to date . it be not meaningful , but it be well than not have those 55 board up . but just think about that as a parallel step it take , while it work through the legislative process . and remember as a reminder , it currently have 41 digital board in the LA Metro area . the next question in queue will come from Lance Vitanza with CRT . it want to ask it a little bit more about programmatic buying . it think it be easy enough to comprehend the favorable volume impact that that be likely to have . but be there go to be , or likely go to be any impact on pricing ? be the CPM low than on a traditional sale spot sell through more traditional mean ? and if so do any of that pricing pressure bleed through to the spot that it would sell on a more traditional basis ? Richard Bressler no . look it think it be actually just the -- let it just take a step back on programmatic , and it be really be happy that it ask the question . so it have programmatic be already an important method of buy in digital display and video , and be now emerge in radio , and it be clearly lead that effort and help define it and take it , so as it say earlier , massive step to revolutionize the buying process . and what be really important , and it think this really get to it question be that as it expand these capability , it be quickly , it avoid , which it be go to avoid , to be clear make the same mistake have be make in digital display . it identify the shortcoming of what happen previously in programmatic . and it be create a platform that be not , just to be clear , that be not price orient , but instead provide the good ROI for the advertiser . and what it be really about it be important that the programmatic that it have buy out business the smart and differentiate the inventory option regardless of CPM . and again this be about identify the good return , the good value for it client and provide it the good inventory at the quality price . it be also important that to remember that it be activate user base psychographically that would automatically be trigger campaign . it can trigger those campaign base on another traffic pattern , purchase behavior , anything else in the environment , population , consumer trend and something . it be excited about . but what that all add up to be programmatic buying which be usually more from both agency , both the buyer and leverage technology to provide more value to the buyer . it help it -- by the way byproduct when it talk about efficiency be to really free up sale people , it be not replacement for people . it be just allow the sale team to place more emphasis on create innovative campaign that go above and beyond just the physical ad placement , such as the delivery on a multi platform campaign n that incorporate everything from iHeart offer to include on air social promotion , personality endorsement , live event . but at the end of the day , again , and it have probably say this three or four time now , it be about the ability on a large - scale basis and a replicated basis to bring the benefit of who it be in and where it be , high ROI , and well value to it client . so how do it develop the expertise for this ? do it bring people in , do it build it in - house ? be it use consultant ? Richard Bressler look , when it be look at every decision , every decision it make in this company which be to build it own , to buy something , and to partner . it have get on the in - house side , which be it model leadership , it have get a great team that be lead by Brian Kaminsky , Darren Davis , Tim Castelli on the ad sale side , and Adam Denenberg who be it CTO come in from digital , and there be more people in that . it have a great team of leader on the inside of the house . and then it look at the expertise , and then it look at the partner people . it be great partner . it look to partner people that bring value . it have raise the profile . it announce the deal , a few week ago with Jelli that it announce , it do not know , it guess three or four week ago , which be a deal that partner with Jelli on a programmatic and automated ad buying solution for broadcast radio station . so that make broadcast look like digital and Jelli be a cloud - base technology . it guess , last year it appear exactly then it announce the partnership with AdsWizz to be more target . it continue to look for partnership in term of thing that relate to datum and datum dashboard . so again , it continue to look , okay , these be it core competency inside , these be niche from meet it advertising need , how do it marry those two . and it do every filter that say it be obviously go to build it it , it be go to buy something , and it be go to partner . and it will be a combination of those three base on what the good solution that be out there on a cost - effective basis . if it can just ask one last housekeeping question on the pacing again . and it hear that on the iHeartMedia side it have some event shift into the quarter , some event shift out of the quarter . give the strength of the report , should it consider the net impact of timing change to be favorable for 2q ' 15 ? Richard Bressler it would not read . it hear correctly . this happen from time to time . it have get two event that be now in it second year in term of the award , and then again it kind of change place here . in term of the quarter , it be both great event . it have similar profile in term of be two of it big tent pole event , but each event have get a unique line of the sponsor , unique set of promotional deal , and unique set of revenue and expense consideration . well , it really want to make sure just from the credibility with all of it guy , which be the most important thing it have be to core up the key item . so it may impact year - over - year in comparability at time . but it will just need to continue make it aware of it , it be go to happen all the time with it . the next question in queue come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo . this be Stephan for Marci . the national trend at Americas outdoor have be weak for quite some time . be there particular category drive this or be it broad base ? Richard Bressler it would say probably the category that really be drive more than anything else be telecom . and it be better position than it have be before . and it look at it overall result , it have a good third quarter , it have a good fourth quarter in term of CPM . the first half of the quarter , quite frankly , in national be strong in the second half of the quarter . it see some good momentum in part of January and February with March soften up with that . and again , in line what it peer have say , it think telecom really continue to be probably the weak , if it have to pick on one category , and it be impact it national outdoor business . it have launch , again , it be keep it foot move . it have also couple initiative at CCLA under it Scott Wells and Rocky Sisson and Gene Leehan , it management team . it now be deploy solution team , which be a team of account executive who work directly with CMO with the client , alongside the agency to drive dollar into the sector . that be a real and important priority , because the dollar that one can tap , it want to get at those dollar to come into outdoor . so it be try to well job of capture those dollar at the CMO level , again within client solution . it also have establish a digital operation center , which give it 24-by-7 coverage to drive digital campaign that be drive from the center back from the early comment it make about line blur in the advertising world between local , regional and national . so this digital operation center provide a seamless experience , and let it be take advantage of less minute dollar that come in . and anything it would say , and it think this be a trend that all of it business be more and more dollar be be place closer to air time or close to time up on the billboard , and that be really a result of the digital age . that be really , as it talk about program just to lead this all back together again on the iHeartMedia side of the business . clearly , it be take a hard look and it think it will provide the same leadership role . and Bob and it have be talk to start on the outdoor side of the business from the programmatic standpoint . so again , it think it have the right asset . it will continue to capture this value and it be very , very optimistic about it asset base . and then it mention some of the timing with national trend in Q1 kind of soften up towards the end . do local mirror that or be that kind of the flipside of the coin ? Richard Bressler it be talk about U.S. outdoor business ? yes , so the local . Richard Bressler Local be strong . yes , local be consistently the strong , as it be last year for it also . but local have be consistently strong and continue to be strong . the next question in queue come from Tracy Young with Evercore . on the international side , could it talk a little bit about what it be see in Northern versus Southern Europe ? and then also it seem to be roll out digital , obviously at a much high rate in international . be it related to a project specific or be it easy to roll out in Europe ? Richard Bressler as it guy see pick up on really the great performance international , William and Matthew Dearden and Philippe and Bill , and the entire , it CCI International team have do another strong quarter with 7 % growth . that growth be from both organic as well as new contract . if it kind of look at it from a country basis , the top country growth for this quarter be Sweden , Italy and Norway ; the U.K. be up also in Q1 . and from everything it be hear , the overall U.K. market be healthy . France be down a little bit on year - on - year basis . and this be where -- remember after the attack in February , there be threat get make to a variety of establishment , include mall , which impact throughout the advertiser spend . but overall mall business be very healthy as it go into q2 . it also have some nice growth in Australia and China overall . and in term of the account , it be just be opportunistic . remember , it digital display as oppose to digital board outside and it be really base on the contract for win and the opportunity it have . it do not think it be easy or not easy . the next question will come from Aaron Watts with Deutsche Bank . just two on the media side . rich , it highlight the gain it be see in listen hour on iHeart . do it have a sense for where that be come from ? be the list pie growing or be share shift from other streaming service or terrestrial ? and it guess , if it be come from terrestrial , how it think about $ 1 digital advertising versus $ 1 terrestrial advertising ? Richard Bressler look , total listen hour continue to grow . as it point out , it listening hour be up 17 % . and by the way , it mean if it look at if it go back and it look at both broadcast and digital , if it go back any period of time , both pie continue to grow . so it think that be great . Digital be important for it , because the way to extend the reach of it traditional brand into new device , where consumer expect to find it . and in term of short the different economic and it need to be where it consumer be quite frankly . and if it be consumer , it do not really care whether it get it from digital or it get it from directly terrestrial it just want to know that it can get the product when it have it . and still the overwhelming amount be , it remind it all , the overwhelming amount of listening be still broadcast . and so the 90 % of listen with digital be about 10 % overall , and that 10 % include iHeart , Pandora , spotify all the digital service . but broadcast be always an all - time high and it be overwhelming at 90 % of the listening in the country . and then one last one for it . be it see any divergence in the performance of it large radio market versus it small or midsize market ? it have hear about weakness in New York . curious if that be isolate or if there be something about the large market in general , secular or otherwise , that be cause weakness relative to small one ? Richard Bressler look , it do not break out any of it individual market . but it be go to go back on and just point out what it say again , and in term of it ability to attract great talent , and if it look at just what it do in LA , it be so lucky that it be able to attract Big Boy to come over in LA on 92.3 . that really kind of realign that station , take it to hip - hop . it become number two . it think it launch this station at end of February , become number two in about six week or seven week whatever time it be . in 18 to 34 be second to it station KISS FM , which be number one in the market . so if it want to see a sign about the health of broadcast radio , in the large market whether it tend not to break it market , just look at that as a case study example . and what it can do when it identify an opportunity of the right leadership . it have get Greg Ashlock and it team out there , the right leader in term of Big Boy , and it have identify that there be a whole new marketplace . 