it be pleased to welcome it all to it first quarter 2015 earning call . before Erik 's comment and Manny 's review of it financial result , it will make a few introductory remark . International Shipholding be diversify operator participate in a range of nice market segment . the continue depression in international Capesize , Panamax , Handymax , and Handysized drive bulk market have exert a downward pressure on certain aspect of it business , most notably in the performance of it spot trade Handysize Bulk Carriers . in this environment it have see develop indication of a rational reaction for market participant , include the formation of commercial alliance , rely up of vessel , conversion of new building bulk carrier , and to tanker , and vessel scrap well above last year 's level . while these step be be take to control the growth of the world 's dry bulk fleet , it be important to keep this in perspective and to acknowledge that these step will only bear fruit if it see improve sustained cargo demand enable the dry bulk market to ultimately regain equilibrium . while this dry bulk market downturn have be particularly pronounce , shipping be inherently cyclical . the current situation underscore the important benefit of it differentiate strategy which enable it to weather such downturn while position it for growth where opportunity result from the market downturn exist . it maintain some participation in short term vessel employment , it fundamental chartering strategy be focus on medium to long term contract , block in predictable and stable cash flow that be insulate from the sharp swing of the spot market . similarly , it maintain long last relationship with high quality customer limit it credit risk and put it in a good position to compete for new business . finally , by maintain the strategic flexibility to diversify it deployment of capital across niche market segment , it be able to limit it exposure to the extreme of volatility that may impact in particular market or vessel type . it be because of this commitment to diversification , an active management that it have move to market it three Handysize vessel and a lay up Jones Act tug / barge unit for sale . it have since complete the sale of one of these Handysize vessel and maintain a disciplined approach to evaluate offer for the remain vessel . it strategy enable it to consider a wide range of capital allocation opportunity and to either move rapidly to seize an attractive opportunity or exercise patient when do so be the most prudent course of action . this way it be pursue a strategy that have serve it well throughout the history of it company , and that it believe maximize long term value for it shareholder . finally , before turn the call over to Erik , it Board of Directors have declare a $ 0.05 dividend for the first quarter . this dividend represent it 27th consecutive dividend payment to common shareholder since it reinstitute it dividend policy in the fourth quarter of 2008 . since that time it have return a cumulative $ 9 per share to it common shareholder . with that , it will now turn the call over to Erik . Erik ?  it , Niels , and  to everyone . this morning , it will provide it with an update on it operation in each of it segment . throughout the first quarter it diverse fleet have continue to operate well , as it take action to adapt to the change market to increase it vessel efficiency and to position it to pursue additional business . as Niels mention , the international dry bulk market have remain significantly depressed . with that in mind , it will take a moment here to provide more detail on both it Handysize vessel and it overall exposure to the market . have complete the sale of one it Handysize vessel , it continue to market the remain two vessel for sale . in the absence of term it feel to be appropriately reflective of the value of these vessel , it will remain disciplined and continue to operate the vessel in the international market . it want to make it clear however that even with it dry bulk segment , it direct exposure to this difficult market environment be limit . it capesize vessel continue to earn attractive rate on the fix contract last through early 2016 , and it other dry bulk vessel , particularly also it many bulker continue to perform well in it niche market environment . turn to the Jones Act , it result for the quarter be negatively impact by the vessel bottom contact damage which result in 33 out of service day . while it have insurance cover that offset the direct cost of the event , it capacity be reduce during the repair period result low gross profit . as it move into the second quarter , it bulk self - discharge bulk carrier will be redeploy from the Atlantic coast into the Gulf of Mexico where it will remain for an average of 250 day per year . have do that , it will now be able to more efficiently service it exist contract while free up additional capacity for it to put to use on new business which it sale group be actively pursue . during it last quarterly call , it advise it that it have a firm moa in place to sell it lay up tug / barge unit . subsequently the buyer fail to finalize the contract and the unit be currently be recirculate in the market . it have see renew interest in the purchasing of the vessel with a number of inspection already arrange for potential buyer . in it pctc fleet , the ban for supplemental cargos experience a recovery in the first quarter trend back towards historical level . this trend have continue into the second quarter and it U.S. Flag PCTC fleet be well position to benefit from this recovery . the Rail Ferry segment perform in line with it expectation , as the resolution of the trade dispute in the sugar industry which it discuss last quarter enable north down volume to improve over the course of the quarter . in the specialty segment , all the vessel perform as expect in the quarter . it continue to benefit from it minority interest in the chemical and asphalt tanker , as well as it vessel service indonesian mining operation which perform well during the quarter . as a central part of it strategy , it continuously seek to enhance the efficiency and profitability of it operation to identify opportunity to expand exist customer relationship and to position it to benefit over the long term by remain flexible and adaptive while serve it customer well , and emphasize the stability of median to long term contract , it believe that it can maximize value for the shareholder in this cycle and the next . with that , it will turn the call over to Manny to discuss the financial . Manny ?  it , Erik . it would now like to provide some detail on it financial . for the first quarter end March , 2015 , it report a net loss of $ 4.5 million , compare to net loss of $ 3.2 million in the 2014 period . the result for this quarter include a $ 2.8 million interest rate derivative loss associate with the refinancing to U.S. dollar of it outstanding yen base facility . exclude the derivative loss , it net loss for the three month period be $ 1.7 million . for the first quarter of 2015 revenue decrease to $ 68 million compare to $ 72.7 million in the same period of the previous year . it gross voyage profit which represent the result of it six reporting segment be $ 11.5 million for the quarter , up from $ 10 million in the 2014 quarter . operate loss for the three month end March 31 , 2015 , be $ 0.2 million compare to an operating loss of $ 2.3 million in the first quarter last year . it generate approximately $ 51 million of revenue during the first quarter from it fix contract as compare to $ 55 million for the 2014 period . this represent 75 % of it total revenue with the other 25 % derive from it variable revenue consist of supplemental cargo , it Handysize vessel , and the Rail Ferry segment . it will now briefly review it year - over - year first quarter gross voyage profit result for each of it reporting segment . for the quarter , it Jones Act segment gross voyage profit decrease to $ 2.2 million from $ 4.2 million in the prior year period . this decrease be due primarily to an increase in non - operating day in add ocean service fleet as one of the Jones Act bulk carrier experience grounding of servicing and major customer . while it insurance coverage offset some of the voyage margin and the vessel have since be successfully repair , segment result be negatively impact by deductible and lose opportunity . the Pure Car Truck carrier segment increase by $ 1.7 million to $ 4.1 million as the demand for supplement of cargo in the quarter trend upwards towards it historical level . it Dry Bulk segment result decline by $ 0.3 million in the first quarter compare to the prior year period , primarily drive by the continue depressed rate environment in the Handysize market , partially offset by the performance for it investment in the fleet of mini bulker . the Rail Ferry segment decrease by $ 0.4 million , as a result of low northbound volume , prior to the resolution of the trade dispute in the sugar industry . the Specialty segment gross voyage profit increase by $ 2.4 million , primarily drive by the minority investment that it make in late 2014 in venture own chemical and asphalt tanker , as well as a onetime benefit of $ 1.4 million from the final settlement with the U.S. government on the early redelivery of it ice - strengthen vessel in September 2012 . it other segment , which consist primarily of chart brokerage and agency service , be essentially unchanged year - over - year at $ 0.4 million . administrative and general expense in the first of 2015 be approximately $ 400,000 low than in the 2014 period due to low non - cash executive compensation . interest expense in the three month end March 31 , 2015 , be high than the comparable 2014 period due to financing on a U.S. flag PCTC which it purchase from it lessor in the third quarter of 2014 . total debt obligation be at low level for the 2015 period end March 31 than in the comparable 2014 period , primarily from pay off the debt service on the Handysize vessel sell in this quarter . as of March 31 , 2015 , work capital be approximately $ 6.1 million , a decrease of $ 3.3 million from the previous quarter , primarily from capital expenditure in the quarter . cash and cash equivalent be approximately $ 21.4 million with an available borrowing capacity under it line of credit of approximately $ 1.4 million . it total debt obligation at March 31 , 2015 , be approximately $ 226 million compare to approximately $ 243 million at March 31 , 2015 . while EBITDA for the first quarter be approximately $ 12.1 million , it be maintain it annual guidance in the $ 55 million to $ 63 million range . and finally , yesterday it Board of Directors say a $ 0.05 common stock dividend target for the second quarter of this year . this end it prepared remark . it would now like to open the call for question . operator ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it will go to Mark Suarez with Euro Pacific Capital .  , Niels , Erik and Manny .  for [ Cross Talks ] . maybe it can start with the supplement of cargo here . it know that this quarter versus last quarter go back to it normal range in term of gross profit contribution between $ 6 million and $ 8 million , should it expect sort of a similar run rate till year end ? Mark , as it have in it prepared remark , it do see an increase in demand in supplemental cargo in the first quarter and it be expect that to continue throughout the year but it would hasten to comment that the overall trend of United States Flag and health cargos have be down for the current year compare to last year but because of it focus in specialized niche area of that segment , it have be able to see an improvement in demand . so it feeling at this point be that , the supplemental cargo level will return to historical level which be a significant improvement over last year . got it , okay , that be helpful . and now maybe go back to EVA [ ph ] guidance for 2015 , it know that remain unchanged , be that Manny reflective of the potential sale of three Handy 's in term of – within it dry bulk segment or how should it look at that ? no , Mark the potential sale of the two remain Handy 's will not have any impact on it EBITDA , it think if it recall it write down those asset in what it consider to be market in the fourth quarter of last year . so it do not anticipate certainly in it forward guidance have an impact on EBITDA as a result of that . the rational for not make any adjustment to it EBITDA be it believe that the result certainly in the second quarter involve UOS will be clear of the incident that it have in the first quarter . so the run rate for the first quarter be now representative of what it think it be go to get for the remain three quarter . get it , okay . and then it touch on the Jones Act segment , it be wonder if it can maybe talk about – it think Erik it mention in it prepare remark , it be look for additional business and it know it have some capacity there . now be that business most likely go to come from the two exist contract , or look start those two contract , will that make more sense at this point of the cycle , any update regard those potential sale will be great . Mark , first , when it move the – and it make a conscious decision as it go through the renewal of the Tampa Electric contract to position the energy enterprise which be the self - discharge vessel of the East Coast to the Gulf . by do that it actually create somewhere between 1.5 million and 2.5 million ton of available capacity with the original UOS fleet that it purchase a couple of year ago . and there be few area where it be go to get that somewhat organic growth within that exist customer base because it be see some increase in tonnage . then it also have quite a bit of U.S. flag requirement in the Gulf of Mexico that it have not touch , that be bid on almost a cargo - by - cargo basis . and then it be also be see some other dry bulk without mention customer ' name that be look for another home for transportation of it cargo . so it think it have a good opportunity to put that extra capacity to bed . got it . and it think this could be a second half event or just more near term if it will ? well , it be clearly work on find cargo for that but that be go to be something the it be go to work on , and as it fill it it will tell everyone , but it can not predict the future . Mark , if it can just add on that . it EBITDA guidance assume some success in that area in the second half of the year . so , yes . okay , that be helpful . and Mark , historically as Erik have comment , it have participate in cargos outside of it basic contract business that it have in the Gulf . so it have a track record of do this , this be not completely new territory for it . okay , get it . and it guess finally , it mention it sell the Handy , it have two more remain Handy to be sell . how will it describe the second hand buyer ' market , and give how weak the turn rate be ? and maybe it can compare that the vigilance act talk about – it know that be for sale as well , how will it sort of describe the liquidity in that market , any color on that will be very helpful . Mark , it will let Erik comment on the tug / barge but for the international market , as be well publicize in many segment of the press , it be severely depressed and the impact of that is , buyer be be very cautious about step up in make commitment because it have in the back of it mind , if it do it today , it may be high than what it be tomorrow in it acquisition strategy . so that tend to reduce liquidity but it can still get it do , it be just more difficult than it may have be two or three year ago . so it people buy vessel because it feel the price be at historically low level which be a correct assessment . and then on the – it be actually tug and barge unit , and the buyer , and the contract it have be for specific conversion of the equipment and it believe that it have not get it confirm that the cost of conversion plus the acquisition cost be the problem with the final sale go through . so what it be deal on , it have three to five people that have show interest in both , the tug and the barge , and depend on the potential interest it could be just the tug / barge could be the barge , it be willing to sell it as a unit or separately . and there be a good opportunity to sell but it be have not get an offer in yet , and it be just start to recirculate that . but that would be a domestic sale for it . okay , great . it appreciate it time as always guy .  again . [ Operator Instructions ] and with no additional question in the queue , it would like to go ahead and turn the conference back over to Mr. Niels Johnsen . please go ahead , sir . operator ,  it very much . again ,  it all for join it call today . as always , it appreciate the opportunity to update it on it activity , and it look forward to provide it with similar input in the future . have a good day .  it very much . 