first , it announce it transition from an MLP to a C corp . it be and be really excited to make that announcement . it mark the culmination of a lot of hard work and position the business for future success . second , during the quarter , it bring online 20 well , which , on average , achieve peak rate exceed it forecast . this bring it to 67 well bring online to date since commence it 2-rig horizontal program in Howard and Lea Counties almost 3 year ago . third , it also complete $ 27.1 million of asset sale consist primarily of Texas Panhandle property , with a very high well count , generate approximately 820 boe a day with a significant $ 15 million P&A liability . the other small sale consist of permian acreage , which it do not intend to drill . lastly , it add it first 2019 oil hedge with 6,000 barrel a day of swap at an average price of nearly $ 59 dollar a barrel that should mitigate some of it go - forward oil price risk . now for some context on permian Basin industry activity . as Dan mention in yesterday 's press release , it sure be ful for the recent rise in NYMEX oil price and it permian ZIP code . but with increase oil price come increase industry activity in the oil - rich permian Basin . it , like other operator , be now see the negative effect of this increase activity to operator in the basin , include wide price differential , due to increase regional supply as well as third - party service constraint and increase interference of the fracs on produce well , which it think commonly refer to as bash , by completion nearby it densely develop leasehold . increase permian Basin activity negatively impact it natural gas price realization as relevant index price go up in Q1 , while it realize price go down . these dynamic be also currently negatively impact Mid - Cush oil price differential , and this be expect to continue through 2019 . it be very fortunate to be partially protect by a strong 2018 Mid - Cush hedge book . increase permian activity be also make it more difficult to obtain certain drill - side equipment , which , in turn , cause delay to bring new well onto production . as long - stand , experienced player in the Permian , it will continue to utilize it strong local relationship and work through these basin - wide issue . while it remain very pleased with it well performance and expect continue success , it be now budget more of these regional influence in it development program . later in the call , Dan will review it 2018 refresh outlook . it want to emphasize that while the recent worsening of price differential have reduce it project realize price and timing have cause some delay , it remain confident that it asset quality remain high , it technical capability be strong and it opportunity set remain deep . it will now turn the call over to Kyle Hammond , Legacy 's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , to talk in more detail about it result of operation . kyle ?  , Paul . this quarter be a very busy one for Legacy as it bring online 20 well in it core Howard County and Lea County development region and one well in Reagan County . it be really excited that the early production result from these well exceed it prior expectation . it drill two 8-well pad in late 2017 , one pad in Lea County and the other pad in Howard County . it begin the completion phase on those pad in the first quarter , and all of those well come online in late February and early March . it have be big believer in utilize this strategy to reduce the negative effect of the parent - child well relationship and maximize the stimulated rock volume with it frac process . bring these two pad online be the culmination of a lot of hard work , and the productivity of the well be very encouraging not only to the team that execute the strategy , but also the bottom line of the company . for the balance of the year , it plan to bring online an additional 10 well in Lea County , 8 well in Howard County and 4 well in Martin County for a total of 22 additional well . it also plan to spud an additional 5 well in Howard County and 8 well in Midland County . it also want to mention the realization of the value of it previous investment in infrastructure by be able to handle the peak SWD volume on both of these pad . now as it look to the financial , oil production be now 500 barrel a day for the quarter , with roughly one - quarter of that stem from asset sale . it be also see the negative influence of bash on it densely develop leasehold from offset operator in two area of it operation . while it have do a good job of predict and model the effect and loss in production from it own fracs , it continue to refine it ability to accurately predict and model the effect of offset operator bash it well . this not only affect some of it exist production , but it also affect the new well it turn on in the first quarter . as Dan take it through guidance , it will see it take into account anticipate offset activity and it effect on it operation . it guidance also reflect some allowance where it think service sector tightness and shortage will affect it operation . it have a reduction in gas volume in East Texas for the quarter due to unusually cold weather in January and then the failure and subsequent repair of a high - volume gas property , which then affect February and March volume . both of these be nonrecurre event . on the non - op side of the business , it lose some volume on it property that be shut in for bashing , as well as ethane recovery and other seasonal weather - relate issue on it piceance asset . lastly , it add to it position in Howard County by make a series of trade use non - core un - drillable acreage with a couple of operator for what be now an 8,000-foot half section that it can drill . it bd and land team be work really hard on this type of work , and it get excited when it see it build value in this way . while this may not seem like much , it have more of this work that it can do and be busy put these deal together . the value of the trade it just mention be unquantified in it historical presentation , but it point to the value of it ownership of many small position and how it can create additional value with it go forward . with that , it will now turn the call back to Dan to talk about it broad corporate effort . Dan ?  it , Kyle . as Paul mention , on March 26 , it announce it transition to a C - Corp . it be really excited about this pende transaction and want to remind it of the potential benefit of this propose structure . first , it will allow for an entrance into the more - supportive C - Corp sector . second , it well align it corporate structure with it practice business model . third , this transition simplify it governance and enhance the fiduciary duty of New Legacy . and finally , this transition potentially allow for access to low cost of capital to fund it accelerated development and an improved credit profile . regard time line , it continue to make good progress through it various milestone . on April 6 , Legacy Reserves Inc. file a Form S-4 on SEC EDGAR , a link to which be locate on the homepage of it website . as expect , it be await SEC comment . since announcement , it be determined that it do not need HSR approval , and it be currently target and look forward to in mid-2018 unitholder vote and transaction close . now it will turn briefly to earning as Paul and Kyle have review many of it salient point . adjusted EBITDA decline by $ 12 million quarter - over - quarter to $ 71 million . this be mostly drive by reduce gas revenue as regional differential in the Permian and Colorado widen as a result of increase gas supply out of the Permian . it also experience high operating cost as it bring online a significant number of horizontal in the Permian , with high SWD cost during dewatere . development cost for the quarter increase to $ 60 million as it reduce it drill and uncompleted count , or DUC count , from 21 at year - end to 12 at the end of Q1 . now let it cover the revise guidance that it post with earning . it now forecast a midpoint ebitda of $ 310 million . there be certainly a lot of factor here , but the two key one be price and production . it be now incorporate the wide differential that Paul mention at Waha and Mid - Cush , which more than offset the increase it have see in NYMEX future pricing . while the negative impact certainly hurt all operator in the Permian , it be pleased that it have have 11,000 barrel a day of 2018 Mid - Cush at minus $ 1.13 to help insulate it from some of that impact . second , it revise outlook include a modest sub-4 % reduction in production . on the oil side , it have modify it program development assumption , include bash ; time from first production to peak rate ; and schedule change ; cause a few of it 2018 well to slip into 2019 . it should note that these adjustment have a marginal effect on it project program economic , but it do , in fact , impact timing to production and cash flow . outside of the permian , gas production be also slightly below it prior expectation due to Q1 cold weather hiccup and work over activity that Kyle mention . in all , it Q1 result have some noise , but it remain excited about it opportunity set , and that be drive by the quality of it asset base , the technical capability of it people and the C - Corp transition it be currently undertake . with that , it would like to turn the call back over to the operator . it management team be here this morning to answer any question it have relate to it operation or financial result . 