first it will review it recent performance and revise outlook for the remainder of the year and then discuss it decision to move to one national brand for all of it nearly 3,500 store . next , Ken will provide a more detail on it performance to - date and discuss it strategy and initiative to drive continued growth . finally , Alex will take it through the financial result and expectation in more detail before it open it up for Q&A. to begin it first quarter result be clearly disappointing , as it encounter prolific and unanticipated challenge in three distinct area of the business , which it will discuss momentarily . the good news however be that it believe it have resolve and largely move past each of these three issue , after mitigate these challenge it trend have now begin to return to positive territory as reflect in low single - digit comp over the Memorial Day holiday and the day since . however the impact of these challenge that begin in Q1 and continue into early Q2 be both clear and profound . as a result it be revise it guidance for the full year . while difficult to precisely quantify the sale impact it believe the challenge be due to three primary factor that Ken will take it through in more detail . one , a system upgrade that cause an extended disruption to the business ; two , an elongated and painful new product rollout that result in back order , lose sale and frustrated consumer and sale associate alike ; and three , challenge during the ramp - up period with a new primary financing provider in it Mattress Firm store . to illustrate the impact of these three unrelated factor it comparable sale trend be positive in the first period of the quarter and a reverse , as it encounter these temporarily challenge . in the second and third period of Q1 , it same - store sale decline to negative low single - digit , and remain pressured until Memorial Day . since Memorial Day , it trend have be positive and in line with it revise same - store sale guidance for the remainder of the year . this give it additional confidence that it have put these challenge behind it . it believe these three compounding challenge account for approximately two - third of it shortfall to plan . it be also in the midst of a soft industry backdrop and see continued pressure in it oil effect market , which it believe account for the remain one - third of the shortfall . it Q1 GAAP loss per share be $ 3.22 and it adjust EPS exclude Tradename amortization be a negative $ 0.10 , which be below it Q1 guidance for a loss of $ 0.07 to flat adjusted EPS . for the year it now expect adjust earning exclude Tradename amortization of $ 2.25 to $ 2.35 per share . this revise guidance reflect the impact of a pre - memorial Day sale mix as discuss , the contemplation of potential temporary choppiness during the Sleepy ’s brand conversion , and a continue expectation for a slightly soft retail environment . the Q1 challenge it have discuss primarily impact the Mattress Firm brand business and so it would like to give some color on the performance of Sleepy ’s . Sleepy ’s have large than a very good story during it first four month of ownership . it have a dignified and accelerated path to a long - term expect synergy capture inside the business . Sleepy ’s legacy store base outside of the overall market compe slightly positive in Q1 and begin in Q2 it have now start to convert the overlap Sleepy ’s store in the Carolinas and in Chicago through the Mattress Firm banner . to this end it now expect to convert substantially all of Sleepy ’s store to the Mattress Firm banner during fiscal 2016 . this decision align with it long establish national roll out strategy and position it to begin realize the numerous benefit of a national chain in 2017 . after convert the high return overlap market it plan to bring these to small Sleepy ’s market in a measured approach that will allow it to incorporate real time earning , which should lead to well execution . it continue to find new opportunity with Sleepy ’s and believe it can achieve many of the cost synergy faster than it first expect . it will continue to update it on it progress in future quarter . finally , it want to talk about the decision to move to one brand nationwide . over the last few year it have announce many good practice from the good specialty retailer and talent in it industry . it now have nearly 3,500 company operate store in 48 state , and be the large and only national specialty Mattress chain . behind be upon it to begin activate and unlock the true power of all of these asset , to better focus the organization , recognize the full potential of the national chain and become the preferred choice for well sleep in this country . it have make the decision to consolidate all of it store under the Mattress Firm brand , this be not a decision it take wisely and it engage a top consulting firm to help make the right decision . together it analyze the branding decision through consumer , employee and financial lending and be confident that this be the good brand to roll out nationally . it believe that present one unified brand experience to the consumer across all geography and channel will provide meaningful benefit to consumer and shareholder alike in the realm of national advertising , sourcing , distribution , overhead and strategic focus . it look forward to roll out a national offence reflective of the meaning accumulate good practice as expeditiously as possible . it have already begin the process of convert the overlap market and expect to begin convert a legacy Sleepy ’s market primarily in fiscal 2016 , follow by Sleep train in 2017 . within approximately 18 month , it anticipate have nearly all that of the 3,500 store under the Mattress Firm banner border - to - border and coast - to - coast . before turn the call over to Ken , it want to conclude by say that as a long - term shareholder in Mattress Firm , no one be more disappointed in it result than it be . however , despite the Q1 result , it be proud to say that it team have work tirelessly to move the organization past these challenge . and it be now better position to execute on it strategy . many of it have hear it say this before the industry have never have a national chain and have long be it vision to build the first one . it be the large and only national specialty retailer in an attractive and grow industry . it focus now that it have assemble all the piece be on activate it all for a continuously improve total guest experience across all touch point . with it scale and resource , it be best position to realize this vision . it look forward to work side - by - side with Ken and Alex and the entire organization as it build on it momentum . now it will turn it over the Ken to talk about it initiative in more detail . Ken ?  it , Steve and  it everyone for join it today . it would like to start by go into a little more detail around the three issue that Steve highlight . to begin , mid way to the first quarter , it undergo a software version change to it ERP system that support the Mattress firm brand . prior to this change , it be essentially operate on an over version of the platform that lack some of the functionality need to achieve it long - term goal , include the consolidation of Sleepy 's and Sleep Train banner under one national brand . despite what be a multi month planning process that even include schedule the change over on Easter Sunday when store be store be close , it encounter a set of issue that result in significant downtime . these primary issue continue into the week follow Easter and it then experience even subsequent small outage beyond that first week . this challenge disrupt sale and be highly frustrating for both gas and retail sale associate . it be pleased to report , however that it have now resolve these version change issue and the new software perform well over the key Memorial Day selling period . all tell , despite what be a very painful short - term disruption upgrade to the current version be irrefutably a necessary step , one that enable it to integrate Sleepy 's and sleep Train onto one system , one that allow it to enhance it foundational capability for it omni - channel strategy and one that allow it to openly realize significant synergy as one national chain . the second unique challenge that it encounter in Q1 be associate with the volume of significant new product introduction this year . unfortunately some of the most important new product introduce in Q1 have an elongated and rocky roll out from a supply chain perspective manifest an expensive shortage and back order over multiple week . these issue affect the shipment of both floor sample and stock level inventory , tender it ability to fulfill order and ultimately the lack momentum with these high AUP product . that say , those issue be now clearly behind it and it be very excited about the innovation that it be see inside the new product line . it be gain nice traction with both the new version of it legacy bestseller and with it new exclusive product . and finally as many of it know , it transition into a new primary financing provider for it Mattress Firm brand store on April 1st , effectively consolidate all of it store with the same first look financing partner and enable it to begin and join a meaningful synergy inside this space . during the seven week post transition ramp - up period , it experience challenge that have an impact on it financing business . however it be pleased to report that it new partner have work tirelessly with it to resolve those issue in an expedient manner and as of Memorial Day week it have now return to pre - transition performance level . collectedly , the factor Steve and it have discuss serve to result in Q1 same - store sale of negative 1.1 % , notably below it expectation . comprise this mix be unit that decline by 0.9 % and AUP that be essentially flat at negative 0.2 % , largely drive by the sell - through of discontinue floor sample in it financing ramp up this year as discuss . in the past two week however , as Steve have share with it , it have see it trend begin to improve . and while it will clearly take some time for it associate to fully ramp backup from the effect of this factor of challenge . it can tell it definitively that optimism inside this organization be high and those obstacle be now behind it and it sight be squarely focused on the fundamental of run this business . before turn more fully to those ongoing focused area , let it take a brief moment to touch on Sleep Train ’s performance during the quarter . although start slow in the quarter as this brand base both a strong comparison in the prior year period and face some unique to the West Coast challenge . it performance during the quarter accelerate and have continue through the Memorial Day holiday . in contrast , the Mattress Firm ’s Sleep train be not impact by either the system upgrade or the change in finance provider . and the cadence of it performance improvement further attest to the unique nature of what it see inside the Mattress Firm brand . in summary , it believe it be well position to drive continue profitable growth at Sleep Train and realize the synergy that it have initially lay out . and finally , while off a small base it be quite pleased with the significant growth it continue to see in it e - commerce business . as the only national chain , it be ideally position to leverage the strategic advantage it have with it nationwide presence and it nationwide distribution . and it look to further exploit this advantage by continue investment in it omni - channel capability in the month ahead . on a go forward basis , it can tell it that this organization be squarely focused on one thing , the fundamental of execution . against the recent multi - year backdrop of frenetic growth and intensive M&A activity and against the reach it multi - month backdrop of the challenge previously discuss . it could not be more excited about the opportunity to turn it sight fully on to activate all of which it have now amass . it focus on the fundamental during this next chapter include among other thing some exciting enhancement to associate incentive program that be now underway . continue to build momentum with it new product introduction , secure improved system connectivity speed now that it have move pass the software version change over . integrate the over 1,700 store , it recently acquire and continue to work on optimize it real estate portfolio in many recent M&A market to drive profitability and a concerted investment in enhance it omni - channel capability . what it and Steve allude towards continued improvement of the guest experience across all plus point , online , in - store and inside home delivery . and as a subset of this effort , it be expand the scope of it in - store offering of the Dream Bed it proprietary bed in a box offering that with every sale make provide a new bed to a child or family in need . the result of it initial in test market , it in - market test , excuse it have be very positive with customer feedback highly affirm of the opportunity to try before it buy . it recognize that it be uniquely equipped to provide consumer with true choice across the dimension of saving , selection and service and across whatever product spectrum and whatever purchase channel it may prefer . move forward , it intend to begin more aggressively leverage it unique position here and it look forward to discuss these effort more fully with it in the quarter to come . in closing and in summary , while the result of the first quarter clearly , be not indicative of what it expect of it during this next chapter . the challenge it face it primary behind it and it be encourage by the improve trend in the business and it be excited about the opportunity to be fully focus on execution and on integration . 75 day into it new role of CEO , it can tell it , it have now even great conviction and the opportunity inside this great company . and it want to  all of it associate for it incredibly hard work during this challenging period . ours be a team fiercely commit to become the preferred choice for Better Sleep and it look forward to show shareholder exactly what it can accomplish in term of long - term value creation when it be focus on the fundamental of this business . now it will turn the call over to Alex Weiss . Alex ?  it Ken and good afternoon everyone . today , it be go to cover two primary topic with it before it open it up for Q&A. first , it will take it through an overview of it result for the first fiscal quarter of 2016 include the adjustment to Q1 earn as a result of it acquisition . second , it will discuss it revise outlook for fiscal 2016 include the influence be that Sleepy ’s be expect to have on it consolidated financial in q2 earning . now begin with the fiscal first quarter that end May 03 , 2016 . it net sale increase 49.2 % compare to the same period of the prior year to 839.4 million . this reflect incremental sale from acquire in new store partially offset by a comparable store sale decline of 1.1 % . this comparable store figure include approximately 250 basis point of benefit from the inclusion of Sleepy ’s e - commerce sale into it comparable store base . look now at gross profit , gross profit dollar increase by 32 % compare to the same period of the prior year to 265.8 million in the first quarter . as a percentage of sale , gross profit margin decrease more than 10 basis point compare to the same period of the prior year to 31.7 % . on an adjusted basis gross profit decrease 280 basis point to 33 % of sale for the current year quarter compare to the prior year . this decline be primarily the result of four main driver , first , 255 basis point of occupancy deleverage , approximately 100 basis point of this deleverage be due to the increase in Sleepy 's operation in it consolidated result . Sleepy 's store currently have high rent as a percentage of sale and it have multiple initiative to bring this down overtime as it increase store volume and reposition other store . the remainder of the occupancy deleverage be the result of the decrease in same - store sale and the opening of new store at Mattress Firm . second , 75 basis point of deleveraging warehouse , delivery expense and other store expense due to the inclusion of the Sleepy 's operation which deliver a high percentage of order and a transition to high service level of delivery provider at Mattress Firm . third , a 35 basis point increase in product margin drive by the continuation of in store initiative that it begin during the second half of 2015 such as emphasize exclusive product which generate high margin both for it and for it vendor and finally , 15 basis point of leverage in depreciation expense . please note that adjust gross profit exclude 11.5 million of acquisition relate cost in the current year . sale and marketing expense for the quarter delevere 80 basis point from the prior year quarter to 204 million or 24.3 % of net sale . the non - advertising component of sale and marketing expense delevere 60 basis point from the prior year to 16.6 % of net sale or 139.5 million for the quarter . this be primarily a result of high sale and expense due to same - store sale decline and legacy healthcare claim still come in under it old health insurance plan . the cost from these plan should decrease now that it have move to a fix cost private health insurance exchange . look now at the advertising component of sale and marketing expense , this delevere 20 basis point from the prior year quarter to 7.7 % of net sale or 64.5 million . this deleverage be largely due to the ramp - up of it community marketing effort and the decline in same - store sale . general and administrative expense on a GAAP basis delevere by 80 basis point to 9.9 % of net sale or 82.2 million for the first quarter as compare to the prior year period . on an adjusted basis , general and administrative expense improve 20 basis point to 7.1 % of sale for the current year quarter compare to the prior year . adjusted G&A expense exclude 20.1 million of acquisition relate cost and restructure charge and 2.1 million of other non - recur charge in the current year . the prior year on an adjusted basis , exclude 9.2 million of acquisition relate cost , 0.7 million of ERP implementation cost and 0.3 million of secondary offering . on a GAAP basis , operate margin be negative 20 % in the first quarter largely due to the 138.7 million impairment charge trigger by it decision to move to one national banner over the next 12 to 18 month . in addition to the non - cash impairment charge it also have non - cash Tradename amortization expense this year and through the first quarter of 2017 which it will discuss along with it guidance . on an adjusted basis , operate margin decrease 360 basis point to 1.6 % . the four large component of this adjust operate margin increase be a 280 basis point decline in gross margin , 80 basis point of combine sale and market expense deleverage , 20 basis point of combine operating margin decline in franchise fee and other miscellaneous item partially offset by 20 basis point from adjust general and administrative expense leverage . please note that it adjust operating margin decrease by 30 basis point more than it adjust EBITDA margin which decrease by 330 basis point . this differential be primarily the result of additional adjustment relate to vendor new store fund , depreciation and amortization and store closing in Q1 of fiscal 2016 compare to Q1 of fiscal 2015 . these item all fall below adjust EBITDA , but impact adjust operating profit . turn now to depreciation and amortization , it non - direct operating expense increase as a result of it continue new store growth and the acceleration of Tradename intangible amortization as a result of it decision to adopt one national banner . the large area of increase be in depreciation and amortization where it see a year - over - year increase of 10.7 million to 26 million during the fiscal first quarter . the effective income tax rate during the first quarter on both a GAAP and adjusted basis be 37.9 % . on a GAAP basis it generate a Q1 loss per share of $ 3.22 exclude intangible asset impairment charge , acquisition relate cost , fix asset impairment charge and other non - recurring charge . adjusted EPS be a loss of $ 0.17 per share . this $ 0.17 loss per share include incremental non - cash Tradename amortization of $ 0.07 . when it provide it q1 adjust EPS guidance range of negative $ 0.07 to flat EPS it be still research the intangible component of Sleepy ’s amortization expense . exclude this amortization expense it EPS of negative $ 0.10 be $ 0.03 below the low end of it guidance range for Q1 . the $ 3.05 of EPS adjustment this quarter be attributable to $ 2.33 per share from the write off of Tradename intangible asset move into it decision to adopt one national banner . $ 0.53 per share due to the elimination to put the overhead and expense relate to the Sleepy ’s acquisition . $ 0.15 from the impairment of fix asset as it optimize it store base and $ 0.04 in severance charge relate to the streamlining of it management structure . despite the challenge in Q1 it have state about it cash flow generation ability now that it have reach the cash generative summer sell season , and it have already reduce it revolver balance by 15 million quarter - to - date . it anticipate near - term cash flow generation from it operation as well as the previously discuss sale lease back of Sleepy ’s own property . it have sign definitive agreement for the sale lease back and expect to achieve more than the $ 50 million in net proceed it expect when it start the process . it expect these to close during q2 and it will update it on the outcome next quarter . turn now to guidance , as Steve and Ken discuss it net sale year - to - date be impact by the upgrade of it ERP software and elongate new product rollout cycle and the transition to a new primary finance provider . it have also see continue pressure in the oil market as well as a choppy retail environment . and as Ken just outline it have several strategy in place to drive it business go forward and believe the challenge it face in Q1 be largely behind it . give the magnitude of it sale and earning to - date it be revise it guidance for adjust EPS before Tradename amortization for fiscal year 2016 by $ 0.25 to a range of $ 2.25 to $ 2.35 . approximately $ 0.17 of the reduction be due to the issue in Q1 that continue until late before Memorial Day with the remain $ 0.08 due to the soft retail backdrop during the remainder of the year . it have largely move past these issue and it revise full year same - store sale guidance of 1 % to 2 % be in line with the trend it have see during and since Memorial Day .  it for it time and interest in Mattress Firm . operator it will now open it up for Q&A. question - and - answer session  it . at this time it will now be conduct a question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Michael Lasser from UBS . please go ahead . Steve and maybe Ken as well can it offer some perspective on where it traffic per store be today versus where it be call it four year ago ? because clearly unit have be under pressure or kind of up and down but it think there be a lot of concern out there that just traffic to it store have be on the decline and that be be exacerbate by some internal and external issue . so if it could give it some sense be it 80 % of where it be previously at peak or be that too cumulative or be it if it can provide of some sense that will be great ? yes , Michael . this be Steve .  it . well when it look four year ago it mean it have about a 1.1 million store average it have add 1,700 store at typically low volume store when it buy it business and it be still at about 1.1 million in term of absolute volume per store . so Michael it think it be be a little punitive to think that it be anywhere near traffic per store get down anywhere close to what it be talk about it have also have six consecutive year of positive comp in 10 consecutive quarter . it think it definitely see obviously some decline in unit persist over the past couple of quarter or -- and so it be see some traffic decline but not to the level it be talk about . yes , it do not know that it would have much to add to that Michael other than that move in transaction be pretty good proxy for traffic that it do speak to in the public market clearly it have be down although it will not largely encourage to see sequential improvement in unit this quarter perpetually against the backdrop of the challenge it talk about . so hopefully that will continue accelerate here into the balance of the year . and Ken it speak about the financing issue in general term . maybe it could provide more specific and then it just have another follow up ? sure and this be Alex . so with the financing as it know it shift to a new partner who have be fantastic in it effort and enrol out a customized program for it . during the ramp - up phase as the program be get tweak , it do experience a drop in it overall financing volume of close to around 10 % during kind of a transitionary period . good news be as Ken mention on the call it partner have be fantastic get that back to the level where it need to be by Memorial Day and now thing feel great from that perspective . and Alex , it follow up question be embed in it guidance for the second half for the year be the pretty significant improvement in it profitability , can it give it outline the factor that be go to drive that improvement in profitability ? and in addition it be run pretty tight from a liquidity perspective can it talk about where it covenant be and how much breathing room it have with those covenant ?  it . no , no absolutely . so from a profitability perspective as it go throughout it year , it do see an uptick , there be a big reason for that be obviously Q1 and really into the first month of Q2 prior to Memorial Day , it have significant sale issue as Ken mention which it believe be temporary and it have come out of that since Memorial Day . and so as it know it business leverage up and leverage down from sale volume in the short run and to that will wait a lot on the profitability to date . when it take out all the fix cost deleverage , it operation have be run nicely where it expect it and go throughout the course of the year part of the reason why it see more benefit particularly over the summer month be because the Sleepy 's business be more summer seasonal than the Mattress Firm business which also have some summer seasonality in it . and so that ’ really the reason for the profitability change over the year basically what it expectation be for it guidance for the rest of the year be that it comp be pretty similar to the rate that it have compe up for the last 10 day . so since the issue have end . to answer it second question around the covenant , base on it debt covenant that it submit to the bank which give it credit for a various item include the synergy that it be go to achieve in the short run be lever around four time right now on a debt to EBITDA basis . and it covenant be at 5.5 time . so it have about $ 100 million of flexibility from an EBITDA perspective before it would get in any issue with it covenant and that assume that it stay at the same debt level that it be at today . and the very nice part as it know about this time of year be once it get into the summer sell season it generate a lot of cash and so it go through a Memorial Day , it have already pay down $ 15 million on it revolver since the start of the second quarter plus it have it sale lease back under definitive agreement and expect to generate cash from those upon close . next question come from Peter Keith from Piper Jaffray . please go ahead . first off it know that the Sleepy 's e - com business be go to contribute about 300 basis point to the full year , be that kind of equal for Q1 and where it be quarter to - date ? Peter  for the question . what it see be around that area closer to approximately 250 basis point of comp contribution in Q1 consistent with what it be see into q2 as well . okay  . and then it guy have a new breakout on the product by price point . so it be see it guess broad weakness at the high end and then well trend at the low end , be that across the chain or be that more of a mix issue with Sleepy ’s come in the full ? yes , the issue at the high end of the range in Q1 for it be one really reflective of product line changeover , not too dissimilar from prior experience when it have have a premium or luxury product wait , product change over as it get out of all four sample obviously it see some affect there in term of AUP , but also just low revenue and then from a some of the challenge that it talk about or it guess it talk about on the call also contribute to that . the good news be that it -- once those issue be behind it and to be quite clear , the supplier challenge that it have be definitively behind it , it be actually see really nice performance there . and in term of the low end what it be see , strong activity there as well it mention in answer to Michael 's question around unit that it be actually pleased with the sequential improvement and optimistic that it will see a balanced mix of both unit and AUP improvement here as the balance of the year unfold . okay  Ken that ’ helpful . and maybe just to follow up quickly on that with the elongated product cycle , do it get everything it want on the floor by Memorial Day ? yes , it do Peter , what be perhaps a starvele store or two as an exception but any store that do not have the line down it be not reflective of anything the supplier challenge it have there , would have be just be if there be sort of legacy spot to sell - through . but the overwhelming majority of the floor be set , it associate do a fantastic job of try to embrace all the training associate new product and lead the holiday recount from the field a real source of energy it think for it team be excite around the new product introduction obviously a heavy focus on exclusive . but even some of the legacy bestseller as it say on the call have really get off to a good start and it be encourage about that . next question come from Budd Bugatch from Raymond James . please go ahead . good afternoon this be Bobby fill in for Budd , it appreciate it guy take it question . of course Bobby how be it ? Alex , it be hope , that it can maybe give it a little color on the cost for convert that average store to Mattress Firm maybe the total cost of all the conversion and how that ’ go to be account for whether it ’ go to be capital or expense ? yes , absolutely . so from a , there be really a combination of multiple component . the big component would be the sign change , which end up cost basically around $ 20,000 or $ 25,000 per store . in addition , it be go to put in some new basic pop thing like that and also it be go to be some store from the Sleepy ’s business where it think it can do a little bit deep , remodel , maybe change out some paint or some carpet or thing like that , that can drive sale . and so the bucket of , it put a $ 40 million bucket in for CapEx during the current year and very nice thing about that from a CapEx plan . be that it new CapEx number be now a $ 30 million number , which include the full $ 40 million of CapEx relate to those conversion , because by convert the Sleepy ’s business quicker , it have be able to strip out almost $ 15 million from it original CapEx plan . and then it have also be able to strip out about $ 15 million of CapEx from the core Mattress firm business . and so for about $ 10 million incremental to the plan it show it before , it be go to be able to convert the majority of the Sleepy ’s store in the current year . okay . it appreciate that . and now what be the -- be the plan the same for the omni - channel brand be those all go to be rebrande to Mattress Firm as well , all the omni - channel , that it guy have to offer now with the acquisition ? no , actually Bobby , one of the real strength it think be in the omni space be by have a diversity of digital platform that it can continue to operate . clearly the branded side , the Mattress firm side will be , will have a real concerted focus on customer education , point folk to store locator , help to speed up review and really that will be the brand , the digital brand that be focus on sort of a guide selling journey . but it be go to continue to operate the host of other site that it have . it think one of the good thing about the Sleepy ’s acquisition be a real rich arsenal of digital property and it be excited to see what it can do by virtue of be part of it team now . all right , it appreciate that . and then also on the balance sheet , usually it guess , the goodwill ’s value kind of annually , but now with 1.5 billion of goodwill and another 100 million of intangible on there , that be significantly above the market cap of close today , go to be above it it be close to market give the indication in the afterhour . Can it give it a little color on kind of the process there and be there a risk of another a need for a goodwill write down come in the come quarter ? so none that it see , it follow all the standard accounting practice with regard to goodwill . as it know the amortization , the intangible impairment that it take during the quarter that be primarily relate to the fact that it be write down the brand name . and basically that be and fairly relate to the Sleep Train brand name , which have about $ 100 million of impairment cost . what it will notice be that over the remain year on about an annual basis it have about 17 million of annual amortization that will be primarily run down by the end of the first quarter of next year . and so it follow all accounting practice and the reason it have , a lot of goodwill , because it make a major acquisition and a lot of the acquisition that it purchase generate a lot of goodwill in this category . all right , it understand . and then lastly , Ken do it have any type of rough estimate on what the ERP issue cause in term of sale , the sale impact from that ? it would tell it Bobby . Bobby , it would tell it internally , it do . it think it have guide to or how it frame it on the call be probably as deep as it would go . and that be collectedly , the ERP issue , the supplier challenge and the ramp - up during new finance , it believe attribute to about two - third of the mess . it next question come from Keith Hughes with SunTrust . please go ahead . a couple of question , first go to the one national brand , it be convert . yes it guy be convert Sleepy ’s in ’ 16 and then Sleep Train next year be that right ? that ’ correct Keith . it be a little surprised it would be do Sleepy ’s first in term of Sleep Train have be under the fall for a while [ indiscernible ] Sleepy ’s support structure . yes , it can explain that . and then but Keith when it , when it look at it the first thing that it recognize be that there be a system point of sale system over at Sleepy 's that be operate in a certain way and be a public company it feel a very important and urgent need to change that system over . so , the effort to go in and change that over be essentially very close to the same effort of change over the entire brand . secondly , the store because -- and primarily the reason for that Keith be it be a training effort so once it be in there in the store the cost of get in there be go to get it about two - third or three - fourth of the way there , so it may as well train it on compare by color and the other thing which lead to the second point be that and it think Adam Blank the President of Sleepy 's will be the first to tell it that the Sleepy 's organization have not invest intensely over the past five or so year in it exist store base , it have personally visit a very large number of store . well , it see if there be a big opportunity to refresh those store and it see some pretty immediate upside and it also see some upside of put in certain initiative such as compare by color and the value center inside the store it think that that can get what it see Keith as a low store average than it base chain as an opportunity for upside . when it contrast that to sleep train , Sleep train be still perform very well overall in term of a very high store average . it have the system work well over there . it be not in an urgent need to change those system . so it do decide to flip the order and as it think it will give it a big upside by do it now . okay . so it be Sleepy 's particularly in addition to the signage of the brand change it be also undergo it guess what the floor look like ? be there any change in sale and compensation practice procedure it be all come in one time be that fair to say ? yes , it mean once it be in effect in the store and do the training it be much easy just to go through a new program and as it probably know Keith because it follow it for a long time this be pretty much the offense it have do in 28 acquisition and the faster it get in there and change thing over it certainly remove that doubt that it have . the exception be to that rule where the West Coast would sleep train in and obviously sleep expert and the reason be there be it have very high store average out there , and so it have be very careful to protect it . and it be slightly different advertising model . and so it have be implement the heart of that advertising model in the Mattress firm market , so by the time it get to 2017 it will have master a part of that advertising model and it will take it over across the country . the one caveat , Keith this be Ken . just one caveat to add to what Steve say , it think where this may differ slightly from the previous 28 branded and just go in sort of the offence . it be pretty committed to make sure that it have the sort of newly define good practice offence and obviously it have talk before about some of those good practice come out of Sleep Train brand there be many of those inside Sleepy be as well and so there be some thing that it have do in the merchandising space , compensation since it bring it up it have have some of the most senior Sleepy 's field leader be involve and sort of jointly help it create the compensation plan of the future . so it think while it ultimately will see a new look and a new feel on the new system it will be reflective not just of sort of Mattress Firm of yesterday but hopefully it be sort of the good practice of Sleepy 's and the Sleep Train and these other brand as well so . it have get a question too on the second point of it issue in the quarterly the elongate product introduction and may be it get some private label it have be excite about but be that part of the issue in the quarter in addition to third - party brand that be come in ? yes , the issue that it have from a supplier ’s perspective be fairly wholesale across , no pun intend across it entire supplier base those of it sort of long establish supplier but also some of the private label product as well a byproduct margin and probably of growth and there be a lot of complexity service it account to be sure . but , as it say on the call the good news be those have be rectify to a brand and to a product and that stuff be really in it rearview mirror . okay . and final question , it have mention Memorial Day get back to what it be kind of project for the rest of the year . do it think it number be indicative of what Memorial Day it feel it mean base on it comment it sound like that industry be kind of struggle for growth right now ? yes , and it do not usually talk holiday by holiday but it give a little bit more color this time that it have return to kind of that low single - digit growth rate between Memorial Day and the week after lead up to this call . yes and Keith it think deeper than that when it look at the quantification or the mitigation of the system outage that be not happen anymore and it look at the work that it third - party finance provider have do and it be start to see the approval rate and credit limit and all those thing perform well and it do not have just the absolute knowledge that it be not in a back order situation anymore . those be kind of the lead indicator that be cause the sale to fall those be go and since those be go and then in conjunction with that it sale have resume and it be kind of back to the period one trend that it be have and so it be look at it say it have some very clear distinguished event that occur that be unrelated but happen as it prepare for the summer sell season , as those thing happen it cause major headwind . it tirelessly work to fix those and it partner be fantastic . it vendor partner , it financing partner all of the partner from it system partner across the board be all hand on deck to try to get it fix and it do different trick from prior take a right lead it to the holiday weekend and then since then thing have be really , really smooth so that be why it have lot of confidence . go ahead Ken ? yes , just it question around how do the industry do on Memorial Day it would channel check be careful what it read probably it do not know , but it think for it the fact that it be past it and begin to ramp back up it think be a really encouraging thing . it would tell it the sting of what happen right before Memorial Day be still there for it folk it know it and literally as each week pass it get close to July of the Labor Day it get further remove from that so it hope be that the Memorial Day be just a preview of what can be and even strong summer sell season but it obviously do not think it will be prudent to guide anything above what it see around Memorial Day . it next question come from Jessica Mace from Nomura Securities . please go ahead . it first question be a clarification on those good change in the guidance those -- on the store rebranding be there already an impact anticipate that be reflect in it guidance it give after the fourth quarter ? there be not an impact from the Tradename amortization it have not finish the calculation give the timing of the acquisition of the Sleepy ’s business in order to perform that calculation plus it have not decide on it name so it do not know what brand or what Tradenames it would be impair at the time of it Q4 release . but in addition to the impairment any potential sale impact from any dislocation around the actual physical changeover of the Sleepy ’s store ? no it have build in a little bit of distraction element just give that it be do a major acquisition and it always typically see a little bit of sale degradation as a result of a major acquisition , but it have not build in for change over give that . it have build in for the overlap market change over because it know it be do those . Understood and apology if it already say this but will those begin after the summer sell season ? those have actually already begin Jessica it start in the Carolinas and Virginia beach right before Memorial Day as the first round on it Chicago conversion begin literally this very weak this next week it guess . and then it will begin move to non - overlap but start sort of small work it way to big as Steve say so that it can make sure it do some real time learn and adjust for any audible it need to call on the flag . it will tell it one thing it mention Chicago and perhaps shareholder shudder give some of the well document challenge it have convert Chicago the first time relative to signage knock on proverbial word but it ability to get sign up have be dramatically improve of it recent experience in fact it be almost 100 % fully convertible at sign already in the Carolinas and Virginia beach and it expectation be that it will be north of 80 % signage complete in Chicago by July 4th so it be pretty excited about that . good to hear . it other question relate to the comp guidance and the just what it mention about the improvement in traffic and unit since Memorial Day and how potential improvement in the high AUP product could impact the pricing contribution as well ?  it . sure . so it guess Steve talk about the relative performance from today to four year ago around average floor volume it talk a little bit about transaction be a proxy for traffic . it think some of the initiative that it be focus on here inside the organization around better create in an associate incentive program that can help reward it success but also help the company and candidly help it guest some of the obstacle it be try to remove now that the wholesale system issue from a software perspective be go it be attack sort of second level stuff the stud that be still interference from time - to - time like connectivity , like speed that sort of thing . the product that it mention have be incredibly well receive really across the entire line and so those be the sort of thing that it be focus on from a momentum building perspective it think that it will continue to see now that the supply chain issue be past it that momentum it expect will only build and it will continue to hopefully have incentive and promotional offer that can help with unit as well . it next question come from John Baugh from Stifel . please go ahead . it just want to get clarity on the comp guidance what it be say low single - digit now , be that inclusive of the 200 to 300 bp of help from the e - commerce ? yes that be inclusive of that . oaky and then maybe Alex of the 340 million guide adjust EBITDA and exclude the intangible add back , but what be all the other adjustment in it it guess the big in Q1 be acquisition relate cost , but it guess it be look for a number of how much that 340 be adjustment and maybe the 2 or 3 big bucket of it ?  it . yes so basically to good go through first maybe go through the first quarter would be helpful where it break out about $ 2.33 of the adjustment be from the intangible write - off of the Tradenames about $ 0.53 be because of duplicative overhead and other expense relate to the Sleepy ’s acquisition about $ 0.15 be from the impairment of the fix asset as it optimize it base and about $ 0.04 for severance charge relate to the streamlining of it management structure . and so go forward when it look at those , it do not anticipate another write - off relate to the Tradename so that portion should be capture fully in the first quarter . the big bucket that will continue will be relate duplicative overhead or other expense relate to the Sleepy 's acquisition purchase so it do the conversion and so the majority of the remain adjustment be primary relate to Sleepy 's and the conversion and the duplicative overhead and any other onetime charge that come up as a result of that . and do it have a sense of maybe in the next nine month because it obviously work it all out in the first quarter of what those dollar would be of adjustment roughly a range or ? yes , what , give to a GAAP eps number for the second quarter of $ 0.27 to $ 0.32 and so it can bridge from that to the adjust EPS before Tradename amortization number and get to a number that be around $ 0.35 of adjustment in the second quarter . it do not break out all of the other adjustment but it can also look at it guidance for the full year and see and do the math between the full year and the first quarter . okay . and then it last quick question be around Sleepy 's and change of the name and that be sort of -- maybe what it Steve have mention it be try to incorporate some anticipation of impact to sale , in sale and what kind of what it do around that and what assumption it be make because that seem like a bit of risk on and uncertainty ?  it . yes . so it partially give the history of all the acquisition that it have do before , it have a little bit of experience in see that there be usually a drop for a couple of period and then it start to pick up as it acclimate the customer . it go through that experience and then it model that out and it also be go to start with as it mention in the call with some small market and kind of work it way through that , so it do not know Alex if it want to add to that but . yes , no it mean it be a great point it mean in the large market most then come at the very end of the year . as Ken mention it be go to covert the overlap market which be the high return market so while there may be some sale degradation there , those be the market which be perform poorly right now anyway , and so it think get those convert over to one brand where it can leverage advertising , leverage market level overhead and various other item within those market and utilize more advertising that be be reallocate from those market . it think be very strong and so while there will be some impact more of it will be later in the year and it be take a very measured approach where it start off small and then get big . it next question come from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets . please go ahead . a question on the store optimization , it know it be not ready to get all the detail yet but maybe directionally could it give it a little bit more indication on how it be think of the number of store that this could impact and the timing , and perhaps some detail like what kind of recapture rate it have see when it have do closure in the past maybe on a whole what kind of benefit it may think it could see from a metric like EBIT ? and then as it think about that dynamic of potentially break lease how it be consider sort of the cash impact on maybe a one year basis that it may see from this consideration ?  it . yes , it know absolutely and it be a great question , so typically the store that it would buyback or that it would buy out of , typically have a two to three - year return or less , in addition to the fact that eliminate the operate new center or challenge of have to staff and maintain store that have in a very low volume . in term of it cash usage , it ’ go to depend completely on the number of store that fall underneath those metric . so , it be be very disciplined in the event that it do decide to buy out of specific store . it be still work along it process with it real estate partner group as long as with different broker . and so to give it a number now would be premature . but , it think there , it can get nice incremental benefit from it and set be store base up for the future . and so , any high return store that make sense , it be go to go after . great . housekeeping item on sale , it do not mean to get too myopic about the last couple of week , but obviously that seem to be a bright spot . it think Memorial sell a bit later this year than last year . be there any impact that it have from that ? it fall one week later be correct , Brad . and when it talk about the holiday be up , it account for that relative to the calendar shift or not only the Memorial Day week , but the week after and that sort of thing . come back to the full year guidance , when it incorporate the first quarter number or second quarter guidance , just when it look at it second half guidance relative to the Street , it think it do suggest that street would move number up in the back half . Can it just give it a sense of how much it maybe miss - model the timing of it year versus what if anything it feel better about as it look at the back half ? yes , absolutely . it ’ really two thing , one , take into account the historical sleepy seasonality . basically , it show it it on a quarter - by - quarter basis , but it do not have the full benefit of every single piece of that . in addition to the fact that as it convert the overlap market , it be go to read some benefit within those market as it be the high and quick return market , and Sleepy ’s be not make any money within those market . so that ’ one of the reason why , it expect to get a little bit of an uplift during the back part of the year , combine with the fact that obviously it have it sale challenge during the first quarter and through the first month of the second quarter up until Memorial Day . and those be primarily the reason why , it see somewhat an uptick in the back part of the year . and it ’ like -- squeeze one more and it know go pretty long . but , the question composition obviously come up a lot . and could it just give it an update on how it be view the competitive landscape , as it think e - commerce and other retailer among different channel ?  . yes .  for the question , Brad . it figure it if nobody else would come with an e - commerce bed in the box question . and so , it think it view of the landscape be that it continue to proliferate in the online space . obviously there have be a lot of entrant . this be a group that collectively it think be long - term a really good thing and that it add to the narrative around the need for well sleep . clearly there be some unit capture that ’ come from this channel . it have be really encourage by it own e - commerce result , as it talk about on the call , obviously off a small day , but nonetheless some pretty consistent strong growth and also sort of reflective of the fact that it think it be really well position to compete in sort of the landscape of the future . it be have truly interconnect capability , not only a robust digital offering , but brick - and - mortar distribution network and opportunity for folk to try before it buy . it feel pretty confident about it ability to maybe pack an even more powerful punch . and as it mention on the call , some of the feedback it have receive from consumer and it initial test of Dream Bed in market , have be really positive . so , it be excited to see that product rollout a little bit more expansively than where it have it just today . it next question come from Curtis Nagle from Bank of America Merrill Lynch . please go ahead . great .  very much for take the question . so , yes , just curious if it could comment maybe in term of once it get the product on the floor , what it think be really resonate best with consumer in term of the new product ? and then , it guess as a follow - up question . just how be it guy think about it strategy around different brand and balance [ ph ] third - party it own brand and be it do any it guess brand consolidation ? so , to address Curt the first part of it question around how the product be receive , it think what it be perhaps most encourage by be there have be a really balanced reception in term of brand . it be really appreciative of the effort that all of it supplier put into building line for it that it be compelling ; for consumer , have good AUP and margin expansion opportunity for it business and for it supplier business , highlight certainly by it product exclusive . it now have a pretty healthy collection of product exclusive across a variety of different brand , which it have be please by . but even some of the legacy good seller out of Lexington Tempur - Pedic Breeze product have be really well receive ; it be always be a big part of it portfolio ; and the new product there have be well receive . so , it viewpoint in term of private label and expansion there , it think it be important to have a diversify offering to be sure but in the end , it want compelling product that can create good distinguishable advantage for it associate , good clear benefit for consumer and that can help it grow , grow profitability . so to the degree that it supplier will help with that and it have do a great job so far , there be no real push to accelerate private label because of that necessarily . and then , it guess just one another quick one . so , it guess there have be some commentary in the market that it guy be not carry Stearns & Foster anymore , and it guess could it confirm it guess or not and if it be not , it guess why ? so , it can absolutely confirm that that be not the case . it be funny how rumor get start . and it guess there can be some peril and put too much in channel check . but , Stearns & Foster have be a long part of it offence . it will continue to be a part of it offence go forward . it be go through a product changeover , as have be document . the Stearns & Foster GS line continue to be a big seller for Sleepy 's ; it do not see that change . and it be pretty excited about bring out some new exclusive Stearns & Foster product at the end of the summer . it make a decision to hold during mid - summer ; so , it be not to disrupt and distract it sale associate give some of the challenge that it already have have . so , perhaps that may have be the emphasis for some of that commentary . but , it be excited to see what that would bring to the table . great . it really appreciate the commentary . and yes ,  very much . it next question come from Mark Rupe from Longbow Research . please go ahead . hey , guy , real quick here . be the store comp composition between transaction AUP materially different than the report comp ? no , it mean it be not materially different . it report off a same store comp . right . but , it mean , be transaction on the minus 3.6 be which be kind of implied for the store ; be AUP like minus 3.6 and unit flat or be it that kind of delta ? yes , it do not know that it will get into bifurcate the exact mix in different business segment but it will tell it that it AUP in store be definitely high than it be online . it think that be probably consistent with a lot of retailer , certainly it ’ the case for it here in this channel . so , directionally , it think it be probably think about that the right way . okay . and just last , this be a little bit of a long track question here ; it can ask it if it want . but just from a communication on the store optimization plan at end of the second quarter , be there a scenario where next year store count could be less than the end of this year store count ? it have see it new store growth number . and if it be go to have anything extreme like that , it would be report it to it . it view the store optimization as incremental . and it purely in arbitrage from if some of it bad store particularly in the acquisition market , if it can get it away and recapture those dollar in a way that ’ cash beneficial to it where it get a very quick return , it be go to do it . besides that , it be go to operate as it always have . and if a store be go to close , it will close at the end of term typically . yes , Mark , just to reiterate , it mean it be definitely feel growth , [ ph ] but what it be try to do be optimize the good location . and when it go through 1,700 store that it have recently acquire , there be certain store that candidly be not store that either it would have pick or the good location . and to Alex 's previous point , it want to make sure it can get a good return on an exit , if it can not , it can still make money on low volume . so , it will stick with it . but if it can , it would love to get on a well corner . and it may also have in some case too many store on a particular corner and in those case , if it can get out of some of those , it will , which it believe will get some recapture and also have well leverage over occupancy inside those better perform store . so , look , it be optimize it volume at the trade zone level and that be what it be do . yes , and still have some wide space ahead . clearly , it be in a lot of the country ; there be a few part that it be not . and candidly it have get some opportunity inside of it developmental and leadership market to [ indiscernible ] but this will as Steve and Alex both say , just a part of run a healthy operation as lease come up . and if it be not profitable , it will move out or if it have a chance to profitably relocate , it will do that too . it next question come from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities . please go ahead .  for clarification on Stearns & Foster ; just a follow - up question there . obviously , it delay the launch of the exclusive product of that brand and it talk about last quarter . as it relate to the new product that Stearns & Foster be launch across the country , there be a collection it guy carry that ? yes , it do not think it be go to get into that at this point , Seth . it merchandising team and the team in Lexington be still work on the exact particular of it offence but it will be exclusive product and it think it will be an exciting return to a long stand brand on it floor . and as it think about the optimal mix of advertising versus promotion versus financing offer , what have it guy learn over the past six month , where it want to see that mix go forward ; be there any lesson learn that it can apply to improve the performance go forward ? it think from a financing perspective it be very happy with it own partner who ’ be a great partner to it for many year . it current partner , it be work on a lot of interesting way to optimize it promotion and drive additional financing business and well service for it customer . so , it think it feel great there . from an advertising perspective , it think Ken ’ do a lot to try to own the heart and mind of customer . and so , it think it be go to see a big push it combine with the fact that as it get to it conversion over the next 12 to 18 month , there be a ton it can do from an advertising perspective as a national brand with national advertising . and so , it think there be a very nice upside there as it get pass the near - term . strategically , it have a huge opportunity in front of it to get away from despair advertising effort whether it be physical effort or financial effort of just planning event and planning that and get towards a single voice across the country . not only would that help it efficiently into it organization but it know that there be heavy synergy that it can start to tap in to when it do that . and but it be also very introspective of it learn lesson about how it can reach it consumer a little bit differently . one of the dynamic thing it be see in the industry be the way that there be new entrant and the category speak to customer , as Ken say earlier it think be largely positive for the industry . and so , it be certainly go to take advantage of everything think that it see out there . got it . just follow on that , be there any insight it can provide to it on a regional basis in term of performance in the Mattress Firm brand ? it do not think that it would necessarily get into to regional level performance Seth . but as Alex talk about or perhaps it be Steve on the call , it do continue to observe some pressure in it oil market and it have talk about frame those , in the past obviously concentrated in Texas or part of Texas anyways , Louisiana , Oklahoma City that sort of thing . so that be probably it think as close as it would get to provide region specific performance . and it continue to feel effect there . and the good news be that hopefully a , it get to sort of begin anniversarye that but also by virtue of have a broad platform , it be less at risk to any one particular geographical high or low for that matter . and last broad question as it relate to the sale cadence ; it talk to soft retail backdrop more generally . what be it diagnosis of what be cause that for the mattress industry right now ? well , it be a great question . it think if it look at it , it be the datum -- that be probably as it relate to it other question , a good preview and some of the geographical challenge . it talk about earlier on the call that it feel some softness in the West Coast certainly early to start the year . obviously there have be a lot of news even include today and some other retailer around luxury consumer . it do not actually feel that it be see that , as it -- once it get it consumer finance shift fully implement , it see really strong performance , as Alex talk about . if it look at sort of where it be have unit challenge , it be not concentrated to a particular price segment . so , it think it have to acknowledge that in the bed in the box , there be some unit that it think be incremental but it also think there be some unit that be go that way . and it be part of the reason it be so excited about what it be do to reinforce it omni - channel effort . so , it do not know , Steve or Alex anything else it would add there . no , just this gdp continue to remain low , there be a lot of mixed economic news out there and company across retail as Ken mention , some be do okay and a lot have see challenge . and so it think it be just feel some of that . a little choppy with the election and lot of noise plus the job market ; so , it think it be little worried about that . sometimes the big ticket item take a little bit of pressure . it next question come from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer . please go ahead . just a quick one . as it look at the sale disruption it outline that occur in the quarter and the reason behind that . do it think those -- be those sale lose or be it delay ? and if it be delay , then , would it see somewhat of a bounce back or even a strong than trend sale line , after the problem be resolve ? it ’ a great question , Brain , it would love to be able to tell it , it think that it be merely delay . unfortunately it think it be lose . if these issue that it encounter be unique just to it , it be not sort of industry wide and in time of industry wide issue , sometimes it will see delay . it view point be that it probably lose it regrettably . and it ’ the reason that it guidance and it outlook for the balance of year reflect performance consistent with what it be see now that it be past . but , it do not really account for it capture those back . if in fact it be defer and it can get it back , fantastic ; but if it look at the cause , it think that it would be too optimistic of it . yes . brain , it mean if it think of the nature it , when it have [ indiscernible ] that suggest that the consumer within the store and respond to it advertising , expense there , go to the store , get to the counter , it be have challenge either with it system or do not have the product in stock , or some finance thing . and so , as a result of that it be in the store , it be probably not wait a couple week until it get it thing fix . so , it most likely to Ken 's point , would consume -- buy , purchase a product that weaken somewhere else . so , it do think that it hurt it during that timeframe . but , like it say before , the team and all of it partner work very hard to get each of those unique issue fix . and not only do it feel like it ’ behind it but it also feel like it have a well system now that can take it into the future because the issue be get to the new system be the right decision . and it open the door for a well omni - channel platform , it open the door for the Sleepy 's integration and certainly , the other two issue be fix completely , so . 