let it start on slide 4 , where it will set the stage for a broad macro trend affect the marketplace . first , overall drilling and completion activity have decline substantially in the U.S. Land rig count have drop by more than 50 % since the 2014 peak , to 868 rig on May 1 . oil rich basin , such as the Bakken , Eagle Ford and Permian have be hit the hard as price of oil continue to decline through the quarter and operator slow it drilling and completion activity . gas rich basin , such as the Marcellus , Utica and Haynesville , have also lose rig count , but not to the magnitude of the oil rich basin . it would note that the change in the rig count from the 2014 peak in it key basin be down 55 % in the Bakken , 41 % in the Haynesville , 40 % in the Eagle Ford , 13 % in the Marcellus and 36 % in the Utica . for when bottom will come , that be impossible for it to predict . as it can see , on the bottom chart on slide 4 , that on average , v - shape bottom in oil take two month to form . while it can not predict future oil price , this chart show that the current price trend compare to the last three cycle would suggest the bottom may have already occur . on slide 5 , it show that despite industry headwind in the first quarter , revenue be $ 119 million , compare to $ 128 million in 2014 . relative to many of it peer , a 7 % year - over - year decline be commendable and speak to it flexibility to quickly respond to customer ' need . as it discuss in it last call , it anticipate revenue would be down as a result of low drilling and completion activity and to a less extent , target pricing concession be seek by it customer . it early action , to proactively redirect it business towards production activity , begin in October and help to soften the decline . first quarter adjust EBITDA from continue operation be essentially flat at $ 18.7 million , compare to $ 18.9 million in the first quarter of 2014 . despite the decline in revenue , adjust EBITDA margin improve 90 basis point year over year . this be a good indicator of it proactive management of it Business and the effectiveness of it cost saving initiative . it be pleased to say that it generate $ 30.6 million in free cash flow in the first quarter . the early impact of the cost - save measure it introduce in Q1 yield a 10.7 % saving in total operating expense in the first quarter , compare to the prior year . it be take measure additional action in the second quarter that will provide additional saving with no degradation of operational strength or service quality . as it discuss last quarter , it be committed to be highly discipline in it spending and expect to continue to operate within cash flow throughout 2015 . on slide 6 , it will begin it divisional review . let it start with the Rocky Mountain division , where rig count in the Bakken have drop more than 55 % from a year ago , to around 85 . the backlog of uncompleted well be in excess of 900 and continue to increase . customer continue to look for pricing relief . it see a 15.3 % decline in revenue , to $ 69.4 million compare to $ 81.9 million in 2014 . the result be drive entirely by low drilling and completion activity which reduce the demand for rental equipment and water logistic service . even on the reduced revenue , it hold adjust EBITDA margin steady in the Bakken at 26.4 % , compare to 26.5 % for the same period last year . a key differentiator for Nuverra be it ability to bundle and provide full - service solution which help decommoditize the pricing environment , to a certain extent . it proactive move towards production activity in it grid - base service model be very much to it advantage . to illustrate this point , it have some level of activity on more than 70 % of the rig in the basin , with a combination of solid , fluid and liquid service . as far as the outlook for the Rocky Mountain division , February mark the second consecutive monthly decline in oil production , to just under 1.2 million barrel a day and the uncompleted well backlog be in excess of 900 . to sustain the level of production , operator would need to complete 110 to 120 well every month . in contrast , completion drop to 42 in February from 63 in January and 183 in December . in the context of continue decline in completion activity , it would expect soft second - quarter revenue in this region . before it wrap up this division , it would like to provide a brief update on it Bakken water midstream project and terrafficient solid processing facility . on the water midstream project , it be presently work very closely with XTL on the engineering specific for the pipeline system , take into consideration the trend towards enhance well completion technology and high density well space . it must be very certain that the engineering system be align with customer ' project need . when it be all say and do , it be all about meet the need of it customer . it must plan for the volume of it primary contract customer , as well as the incremental capacity to manage increased volume over time from customer with adjacent acreage in the basin who want to also benefit from the efficiency of water midstream service . once it engineering be final and to the specification of it contract customer , it will complete the selection process for the right partner . it intend to begin construction of phase 1 of the network this summer , pende no further change from customer or the macro environment . just to reiterate for investor , it water midstream asset include fresh water delivery system for completion work and maintenance , gather system for flow - back and produce water , disposal network and eventually , recycling program . on Terrafficient , it be process solid from multiple well in the area and expect the facility to be fully commercial and generate incremental revenue in the second half of the year . with the addressable market for drill cutting substantially change from the level it previously expect , it will revisit it financial assumption for Terrafficient in the second half of the year . also , it be pleased that North Dakota bill 1390 pass the legislature and be sign by the Governor on April 16 . the law provide for the severance of legal liability for operator who process it fluid and/or liquid for reuse by permit and authorize facility . this action send a strong message on the state 's commitment to reduce , recycling and reuse as a matter of policy and provide risk mitigation option for operator . it be very excited to provide this value service to it customer . on slide 7 , it recap first quarter result in the southern division which show substantial margin improvement in this period . this be despite a decrease in revenue relate to the closure of it MidCon location and low drilling and completion activity . revenue for the first quarter be $ 22.4 million , compare with $ 26.9 million in 2014 . of the $ 4.5 million decrease in revenue year over year , $ 3.1 million be attributable to the closure of it MidCon location . adjust for this , revenue only decline 6 % year over year . the overall low revenue be offset somewhat by growth in water transfer service in the permian basin . in the Eagle Ford , despite the slowdown in completion work , it generate a 14.2 % increase in fluid and solid logistic revenue . in the Haynesville , fluid logistic and equipment rental be down , due to low activity in this region . however , year - over - year revenue relate to it water midstream asset in this basin increase by 7.8 % . in coming quarter , it will take some time for schedule maintenance on the Haynesville pipeline and disposal well asset which could impact volume this summer . the adjusted EBITDA margin for the southern division increase 460 basis point year over year to 10.3 % . turn now to slide 8 , in the Northeast division , where it serve the Marcellus and utica region , it carry solid positive momentum from the fourth quarter into the first quarter , with continue demand for fluid logistic , disposal and recycling service . it achieve a 42.4 % growth in revenue , to $ 24.3 million and a 590 basis - point increase in adjust EBITDA margin to $ 3.8 million , compare to the prior year . the improvement be drive primarily by a high pace of activity for it large customer in the region , as well as ramp up activity for new customer in the Utica . demand for recycled water , drive 62 % more volume through it AWS facility in the first quarter when compare sequentially to the fourth quarter . the growth in the first quarter be primarily due to new well start production , the addition of a new customer and more operator opt to utilize the AWS facility as a means to quickly and efficiently recycle it water . it wmgr-123 permit , under Pennsylvania law , provide for the processing , transfer and beneficial use of recycled water to complete well . this permit , plus the central location of it facility , make the AWS plant a valuable resource . it would like to turn the call over to Greg for a detailed discussion of it quarterly result and the process that it have make on it initiative it outline last quarter .  , Mark and  , everyone . on slide 9 , revenue from continue operation for the first quarter be $ 119.1 million , a 7 % decrease over the first quarter of 2014 and a 16 % sequential decline when compare with the fourth quarter . typically , it fourth quarter be it strong quarter from a seasonal perspective . the decrease be primarily drive by the overall decline in drilling and completion activity and secondarily by the impact of price reduction negotiate with certain customer . depend on the location and the type of service , price concession average from 7 % to 10 % in the first quarter . it feel it get in front of some of those concession with proactive cost reduction which it will speak about shortly . pretax income for continue operation be $ 248,000 in the first quarter , compare to a pretax operating loss of $ 5.1 million in the first quarter of 2014 . it attribute this $ 5.3 million improvement to the early impact of it 2015 cost management initiative , fuel saving and low overall amortization expense , all of which drive low total operating expense when compare with the same period in 2014 . net loss from continue operation for the first quarter be $ 12 million or a loss of $ 0.44 per share , compare with a loss of $ 11.9 million or $ 0.48 per share , in the first quarter of 2014 . adjust for special item , net loss be $ 0.41 per share . during the first quarter , it book pretax restructuring and exit expense of $ 700,000 , primarily related to it previously announce exit from the MidCon region and other facility closure in the southern division . it expect to have additional restructuring and exit expense in the second quarter as it complete it 2015 initiative , drive further cost saving throughout the year . adjusted EBITDA from continue operation for the first quarter be down 1 % or $ 200,000 , to $ 18.7 million , compare with $ 18.9 million in the first quarter of 2014 . adjusted EBITDA margin improve 90 basis point to 15.7 % , compare with 14.8 % for the year - ago period . as Mark mention , this point to the early effectiveness of it cost saving initiative , help to offset pricing pressure . it will note that in today 's announcement , it have provide additional financial metric for each of it division in an effort to give more visibility to basin - level performance . when it look at division level adjust EBITDA on a year - over - year basis , margin for the Northeast division improve 590 basis point , to 13.8 % . for the southern division , the improvement be 460 basis point , to 10.3 % and for the Rocky Mountain division ; margin be essentially flat at 26.4 % . let it turn to slide 10 . net cash provide by operate activity from continue operation through March 31 be $ 34.8 million , compare with a negative $ 373,000 a year ago , with the increase primarily due to improvement in collection and low CapEx spend . DSO improve by 6 day to 65 in the first quarter , compare with 71 day at the close of 2014 . it be go to pause a free moment and commend every Nuverra employee who help to drive improve invoicing and collection cycle time this quarter . it really do come down to good people do the right thing and work together . move on , it be very pleased to close the sale of TFI to Clean Harbors on April 11 , for a sale price of $ 85 million . it apply the net proceed of $ 74.6 million to reduce outstanding debt on it ABL credit facility . in conjunction , it amend it credit facility to release the TFI collateral and reduce the borrowing base to $ 195 million accordingly . the interest rate and fee remain unchanged . as of April 17 , total liquidity be $ 77.3 million , consist of $ 55.4 million of net availability under the credit facility and $ 21.9 million cash on hand . turn now to slide 11 , in the first quarter it implement multiple initiative to align it cost with activity level . during it last call , it project these effort would result in annualize cost saving of $ 20 million to $ 25 million , with the majority of those saving in the first half of the year . it now estimate full - year saving will be in the range of $ 30 million to $ 35 million . in the first quarter , it achieve a $ 14.2 million or 10.7 % , reduction in total operating expense when compare with the first quarter of 2014 . these saving include $ 3 million in payroll and related expense which include it exit from the MidCon region , an 8 % overall reduction in headcount , $ 5.6 million in fuel expense saving and $ 3.6 million in low amortization expense . net cash capital expenditure from continue operation in the first quarter be $ 4.2 million , net of $ 2 million of asset sale . the majority of the net spend relate to the terrafficient facility and transportation relate equipment in Rocky Mountain division . it will continue to maintain a very disciplined approach to capital spending and reiterate it range of $ 10 million to $ 15 million in total net cash capex for 2015 , subject to how it fund it North Dakota midstream project prior to select a strategic partner . as it mention on the previous slide , it close the sale of TFI in mid - April and apply 100 % of net proceed to reduce the outstanding balance on it ABL credit facility . this have help improve it liquidity dramatically . it be pleased with the progress it make in the first quarter to manage cost , generate efficiency , improve liquidity and continue to run the business effectively . as Mark point out , the rig count continue to decline into the second quarter . Most of it customer and industry peer be call for a more challenging second quarter than the first . until rig count start increase again , it will continue to be impact . give all of that , it have take out cost in the first quarter to position it for a weak second quarter . it expect the full impact of low rig count and price concession to affect q2 revenue in the mid to upper teen , sequentially , over Q1 . it be strive to achieve margin similar to first quarter level by prudently manage it operating expense , work with vendor to lower it cost of service and smartly manage activity in all of it basin . finally , there be just a few other modeling item worth note . annual interest expense should be low than 2014 . depreciation and amortization will be in the range of $ 70 million to $ 75 million and it effective income tax rate will remain near 0 % , due to it federal and state net operating loss carry forwards . with that , it will turn the call back to Mark for closing remark . then it will open up the line to take it question .  , Greg . conclude with slide 12 , it team do an excellent job in the first quarter , execute on it 2015 streamline initiative , generate $ 34.8 million in cash flow from continue operation and $ 30.6 million in free cash flow which have improve it liquidity position considerably . as it assess the balance of the year , it continue to operate in a very challenging environment . as Greg mention , it expect to see continued volume and pricing pressure on second - quarter result . U.S. drilling activity have experience unprecedented decline , with nearly 1,000 U.S. land rig stack and the backlog of drill , but uncompleted , well grow by the day . when customer decide to start complete well again , it will be prepare to support increased level of activity . until then , it be critical that it remain highly focused on manage element within it control , streamline and scale it business to market reality and operate efficiently within cash flow . it must not lose sight of the competitive advantage it afford it business mix and it ability to leverage long term opportunity of the production phase of the well 's lifecycle . as it discuss last quarter , it be proactively redirect it business mix in the response to it customer ' need to focus on long term production activity . it believe it can achieve 50 % of total revenue tie to production activity in 2015 , with much of that shift be drive by a high activity in the Northeast and the Rocky Mountain division . it operating location be strategically position , particularly in the Rocky Mountain and Northeast division , where it have significant resource to serve the area of the basin where it customer already operate . long term that it know that it move to more midstream asset will be beneficial to it customer and to Nuverra . that be why it be work diligently to make sure that it have the right strategic partner as it build out that part of it Business . all in all , it remain confident that it have the right team , technology , innovation to operate effectively through this cycle and emerge as a strong company . everything it do , it put the customer first . it  in particular go to it employee , who be work to ensure the success of it 2015 initiative , that it remain competitive through this down cycle and that it will always deliver the high quality service and safety to it customer . this conclude it prepared remark and it will ask the operator to open the line for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] .  it . it first question be come from the line of Brian Butler with Stifel . please proceed with it question . first one , just on the working capital . it have huge saving or a good generation of work capital on a positive in the first quarter . how do that play out to the rest of 2015 ? do any of that do give back or should it expect end the year with a positive working capital contribution , at or above the level it see in the first quarter ? it would say generally , it have accomplish quite a bit in the first quarter . individual quarter go forward , it may have ebb and flow , but if it look at where it finish the year , it have over $ 30 million of AR as of yearend 2014 that be tie up increase in work capital . it be able to get a lot of that back . as the year progress , a lot will depend on completion activity and whether customer start to ramp up a lot of the unfracked well . generally , it think it have make major achievement . it do not know whether that be 70 % , 80 % , but it have accomplish a lot in the first quarter and a lot will depend on whether it see revenue growth in the back half of the year . okay . assume it do not see increase in activity , though , it would expect to hold onto the majority of that work capital gain ? if revenue increase , that be go to be a good thing and put that working capital would be more of a positive than a negative , but it just want to [ indiscernible ] assume where it be at . assume where it be at , it think it have accomplish a good deal of it . there may be some more upside , not as significant as the first quarter . but condition could change . okay . and on the pricing pressure it talk about from it major client in the first quarter , how have that translate into the second quarter ? what be the trend ? be that accelerate ? have it level off , now that oil have seem to have find some level of consistency ? it would say generally , pricing have stabilize for the moment . it think a lot of what it will see in the second quarter and what it have kind of refer to in it guidance be late first quarter activity that will flow into the second quarter . but here it be , May 11 . it be too early to call the second quarter totally , but it feel like thing have stabilize for the most part . when it think about that pricing pressure that it have see from an overall competitive environment , have it be able to take share ? or have everyone just hold onto it share at just a low price ? and it guess the way it look at it be first that customer , what it see be more from a customer be push down on price early in the quarter . later in the quarter , there be probably some competitive amongst other vendor that be work for people . and then it have some area that some of the small group have just really decline . it be not nearly as aggressive . what it think it be find be in a lot of place be that the competition be -- it just have to make sure that it can get the work do . it kind of vary a little bit , basin by basin . a last one , it will get back in the queue . on the Haynesville maintenance that it talk about , it give any magnitude on maybe impact on EBITDA or where that kind of can fall out for next quarter ? it do not think , at this point , it do not really know what the impact could be or how much downtime that potentially could be . but it know that it have some schedule maintenance that it be go to do , both on the disposal well and then also just in the pipeline it . okay . but it will have some level of impact on EBITDA , be the right way to think of it . yes . the question be whether it be do completely in the second quarter or whether it fall into the third quarter . it have substantial asset between salt water disposal well and the pipeline and what it collectively call it midstream asset there . but at this point , it be not say how much of an impact it will have yet in the second quarter or third quarter .  it . it next question be come from the line of Sean Hannon with Needham & Company . please proceed with it question . the first question here , want to follow - up on some of the pricing question earlier . it appreciate that there be some stabilization now . it sound like the majority of the pressure probably come from it Rocky Mountain region or , specifically , the Bakken . just want to see if it could confirm that or get any additional color on how it see price pressure on a regional basis .  . it guess the way it would look at this , it kind of come in two different piece . one of it be , like with it rental equipment in the Bakken , where the drilling and completion activity be down by over 50 % and even in the completion be down on a percentage basis more than 50 % , that be just -- there be more of a switch . there just be not that activity . on the production side , it think that it be pretty comfortable with that 10 % to 15 % decline in price . as it look at other basin , everything kind of fit into that same category , base on the drilling . if there be no activity , there be no work . okay . and then within the Rocky Mountain there , be there a sense that it could perhaps get for the rough run rate these day of how it landfill be operate and thermal desorption ? any color there would certainly be helpful , since these have be kind of incremental add - on activity . yes . the landfill continue to generate volume , tonnage into the landfill . generally , it would say that less drilling activity be go to drive less cutting into the landfill . and then the TDU facility , that be still be develop and finalize . it be work in tweak thing . expectation be that will be commercial in the back half of the year . okay . and then , in term of the cost saving that it talk about , it think that fuel cost be a very big part of that . be this a result of the action that it specifically take , versus simply get the benefit of have just low fuel cost ? what perhaps be it be miss there , base on some proactive measure it can take ? it have be very proactive . driver be smart , guy map out dispatch , smart route . buy in bulk , as oppose to retail . clamp down on the use of retail card when guy be purchase to make sure it be just fuel and not other thing . so it have be very proactive . there be a benefit , obviously , from just the overall diesel fuel price , but it think this team have be very proactive . and then last question and it will jump back in the queue . it be a two - part one . the comment , Mark , it think that it have make in answer another question , the concern around revenue growth in the back end of the year , it think it be obvious that would be challenge versus 2014 . but be there an opportunity to grow the second half of the year , versus the first half of this calendar 2015 , base on what it know in front of it ? and then Part B to that , it be not aware of or whether it be willing to discuss , if there be any other large customer out there that would be incremental that it working with , similar to what it recently be drive here in the Northeast .  . first of all , talk about the Bakken and that there be 900 to 1,000 uncompleted well that have be drill . that be a lot of work in consideration for what percentage that it be take care of in prior year . so as company start to frac well , it really see that , that will help it revenue . the part be , it do not know when that be go to start . it be start to feel like company be look at that now , but it do not know exactly when that will start . that could be in the 1st of June . it could be the 1st of July . it could be the 1st of August . it think it be a combination of oil price and also to make sure that it have enough gas gathering capacity in the region that the well be drill and complete , because the state regulation be be adopt and be adhere to very closely . so it create another limitation on some of the operator . another area that it think it be go to see some increase activity be in the Utica . it have a couple customer there that have drill well and it have not complete it also . it appear that it be get the infrastructure in place so it can complete the well and get those online and start produce revenue on a timely basis . so in two area that be very important to it , it just be not sure of the timing when that activity be go to occur . there be a lot of pen - up work that will happen in the future . just do not know the timing . okay . so it sound like second half could be strong than the first half , timing dependent ? that be what it be focus on , but it be hard to tell at this point exactly when that get start . the next question be come from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen . please proceed with it question . it want to touch on the cost saving again . obviously , the number on the magnitude of the saving be impressive . maybe it could walk it through it decision - make process on how it weigh cost decision today versus have the necessary capacity to ramp up quickly when the opportunity arise . it do not take these lightly . the first priority be make sure it can serve it customer and so that be key . hold safety up , strong safety culture , be extremely key . everything that it guy do look at cost , basin by basin . it make , hopefully , smart choice . close the MidCon , it talk about close the MidCon in it fourth - quarter call in March . it have a substantial saving take out on that . that will flow through the rest of the year . fuel , it have talk about previously , good fuel saving , number of proactive measure by it guy . the write off of the amortization from year end be just over $ 3.5 million . so a number of action take , right down to fuel card and travel and entertainment card . it focus on people . it focus on process . the team do a fantastic job of prioritizing . the beauty of an environment like this be it take a fresh look at it cost structure and it service level at customer and it profitability by customer and it team get behind that hugely . so the 900 well that it guy have be mention in the Bakken , if something be to happen where that be to really start be work down in June , for example and that be not maybe likely , but if it be to happen , would it be scramble to get enough asset in place or be it there and ready to take advantage of that when it do come ? the thing that it have do be , be even from a workforce standpoint , while it have reduce it total headcount 8 % , in some area , instead of work somebody 12 hour a day , maybe it be get 8 hour , maybe it be get 10 hour . and so it be try to make sure that it have some capacity within it exist system where it can kind of scale up . it think that it have a fair amount of capacity at this point by just utilize people that be -- not go to say totally underutilize , but if it cut everything so deep right now , then it would not be able to flex back up . so if it flex people down a little bit in the hour it be get , it be able to flex back up as it get busy . on the 2Q revenue guidance , in term of the mid- to high - teen decline , would it call out anything specific , basin by basin , that would be bad or well than that in any meaningful sense ? it think the main thing it have be just what it have talk about , be both on the drilling , as the decline have come in on the rig count , it will feel the full quarter effect of that . also , historically , 2q have be when company have start to ramp up it completion activity . and right now , it be just uncertain as to when that get start . but it know the total number of well that will ultimately be fracke . it be just not sure what the timing be go to be . one last one from it , in term of it mention 50 % goal of production activity versus completion for the full year . it assume that -- hopefully that be get a little bit more on the production side toward the end of the year , if thing be bottom here . where would it put it guy -- where would it peg it right now versus that full - year goal ? it move in the right direction from the fourth quarter . move at a percentage point or two in that direction .  it . the next question be come from the line of Gerry Sweeney with Roth Capital . please proceed with it question . as it be work through all of this pricing pressure , revenue pressure , what have it , what be go to happen to the small player ? be it see some of the small guy maybe shut down , go out of business ? do this create some kind of opportunity when revenue do start to trend back up ? it think that this do create a lot of pressure . and it think that there be certain company that be even large , that be look at this space and it be say that the return be not here . it be not want to put as much focus on this . and then it be also see some of the small player that be -- just do not have the bandwidth to be able to manage it . also and it be go to pick on -- it be go to look at the Bakken , be with it grid - base network that it have there , it be just kind of logistically position to take care of the day - to - day activity . also , as there be drilling and completion activity , as that return , it be still kind of geographically in an excellent position . it also have that same type of network in the Marcellus and Utica . it think in the Haynesville , it be also kind of in the right spot to make sure that it be efficient . and then the Eagle Ford be so spread out that it be in good position , but it business there be just a little small . okay . all this talk about the frac log , the 4,000 uncompleted well across the U.S. , it be under the impression , in the Bakken specifically , there be some type of rule and regulation that it have a year to complete that well as far as drill . that be kind of an early comment that be make . but because of the new regulation that have come out around the gas capture percentage , there be kind of a different way that it be go to be look at and view . okay . it mean , there be some talk about just an acceleration and completion around June just because of that backlog , but as it stand right now , it do not see that come to fruition ? it think that it depend on the area that the well be in . because if it can not end up with -- because right after the well be be fracke and it go through that initial production phase , there be a lot more gas that come on for the first 90 day , 180 day and it all fit into the gas - capture percentage . if it do not have the infrastructure in place or if it can not put enough gas into the pipeline , then it be go to have to restrict the volume of the well . it think that some of those region be just not enough infrastructure in the ground to allow it to frac and complete well . in some area , it think that it be more related on price . okay . and then switch gear a little bit over to , it will say , maintenance CapEx . it know CapEx be pretty low in the quarter [ Technical Difficulty ] , most of it focus in on the tdu.s. that be up there in the Bakken . as it go forward , obviously it have a lot of truck run down the road , there be a lot of depreciation with those asset . what would be , as Nuverra stand today , sort of the maintenance CapEx ? it have TFI off the book and as it locate it asset , what would be a normalized maintenance CapEx ? it say in it fourth quarter call that a normal environment , it probably would have $ 20 million to $ 25 million of annual capex . this year it be expect $ 10 million to $ 15 million , subject to it pipeline and midstream asset activity . generally , it would expect $ 20 million to $ 25 million and that be somewhere between 50 % and 60 % of that be maintenance CapEx and the rest be growth CapEx .  it . it next question be come from the line of Scott Levine with Imperial Capital . please proceed with it question . it be hope for a little bit more color on the cost save in the guidance . it think , Greg , it would indicate that it think EBITDA margin in 2q could be comparable to Q1 , despite the sequential decline in revenue . that would imply , on some quick math , roughly half the detrimental margin that it report in the first quarter sequentially . it be guess some of this be incremental cost saving realization . maybe a little bit more color on those cost saving , the timing it expect it to roll in and where the upside to it prior target be come from . as it know , it upsize the cost saving for the year by about $ 10 million , from $ 20 million to $ 25 million to about $ 30 million to $ 35 million . a lot of the action it take begin in March , so it do not get the full benefit of those cost saving in the first quarter . it will flow through into the second quarter . and so while it will expect revenue decline in the second quarter sequentially from the first quarter , it be strive , the team be strive , to offset those decline with cost saving that should approximate margin that it see in the first quarter . Can it give it a sense on how that break out between catch OpEx and SG&A ? be it look to get realization of that full $ 30 million to $ 35 million in the P&L this year ? be it a run rate it be look at by the end of the year ? it will see the full impact of that this year , p&l. it be almost balanced . SG&A will be a little bit impact by the second - quarter event , versus the first quarter . the direct cost gross margin will probably be more impact in the second quarter , as a result of this achievement of additional saving . and then , just turn to the footprint geographically , it talk about exit the MidCon . it think last couple quarter it be do that . it sound like the Northeast be do really well for it . do it have any additional thought with regard to it footprint ? be there market it may consider get out of ? be it conceivably look to get into additional market , take advantage of opportunity here ? just try to assess it mindset with regard to the regional footprint generally . Mark and I and the team be constantly assess every basin . for the benefit of it employee out there and customer , it think it have achieve the right balance in all of it basin . it think it effort be now focused on the pipeline and drive it midstream asset portfolio improvement . so it have get plenty of opportunity up in the Bakken to grow it pipeline project around the core customer with XTO and it be focus hugely on that . and then where it can , it be look at other midstream project with customer that have similar objective . [ Operator Instructions ] . it next question be come from the line of Scott Graham with Jefferies . please proceed with it question . it guess it first want to say , it think it guy do a great job this quarter . it really do . it mean , the margin be really impressive that it guy be able to get ahead of thing like that . it be wonder if , at the risk of kind of push the envelope here , it guy have be extremely forthcoming also with the datum it be provide . Can it give it what the backlog of well complete but -- drill but not yet complete in the other two region ? what it see so far , Scott , be a total in the U.S. of 4,000 . the Bakken be 900 to 1,000 . it be just kind of anticipate , kind of on a percentage basis , there be some in the Haynesville . there be go to be some in the MidCon region . but Marcellus , Utica , it do not think anybody be necessarily come out with what that be , but it think without question , it be see a lot in the Eagle Ford and Permian . for example , EOG , it talk in it call about it have 350 well that be uncompleted . that would be Bakken , Eagle Ford and Permian . it would like to give it a little more color , but it just do not have anything well than that . it want to ask a pricing question a little bit differently than the way it have be ask . how much of it business , in total , have there be an ask down on pricing ? that be kind of a customer and basin - by - basin type discussion . for example , in the Marcellus , it have have a long - term contract with a large customer there that have kind of semiannual agreement , so it be much long in nature . in the Haynesville , it pipeline contract be for 7 to 10 year , so that be not change . it think as it start to kind of pare that back , part of the pricing , then , will be around it rental equipment , completion activity which be just , by definition , off dramatically . and then , the rest of it , it production relate activity , it think it have try to say that 10 % to 15 % , overall . it really vary by basin , how it have look at and how it would answer that question , Scott . right , because it can understand , it sound to it like it have not impact a ton , because if it be look at the year - over - year revenue , the decline would suggest -- it mean , obviously it have volume and price and mix , the three of which equal sale , right ? so it seem to it that the pricing do not impact a lot of the business in the first quarter . let it ask this question this way . Would it say that it 10.7 % reduction in cost , that have to well exceed what the pricing be , right ? yes , that be right . a lot of -- to complement Mark 's answer , a lot of customer -- there be a lot of discussion during the quarter with customer . and in some case , customer simply return rental equipment , right ? it be not about price . it be simply it do not need it . so it can not answer this with an across - the - board answer . it be really specific to customer . but generally , there have be ongoing discussion with all customer . as be the new guy on the block , the encouraging message from all of that be , customer want to work with Nuverra . in every basin , customer want to work with it team . and that be a good thing . now it be just a question of find that right balance between price and service and maintain high safety standard that a lot of it small peer can not match . it be never go to get into specific customer story , but generally , customer want to work with Nuverra and that be a good thing . it be also wonder and it guy and it , it talk about this follow the last conference call , be that this pipeline that it guy be commit to here , it know that it have be look to get , let it just say , artistic with the way that it will be finance . be there anything more it can tell it about that ? it think at this point , it have have kind of a couple thing that have change since it announce it . number one , the overall price of crude oil price obviously drop . it want to make sure that everyone that would be include , primarily XTO , that it drilling plan still fit what it have in place on a long - term basis . another thing that have pop up be the enhanced completion technique that company be use by increase the amount of water and sand . the amount of water may increase four to five time that amount . as it build this system , it want to make sure it be work in lock step with the customer so that it can solve a long - term problem and so this fit very well . it have a great relationship with XTO . it be work with these guy hand - in - hand . the season for start to build project be just get go in the Bakken , so it plan be , this summer , it will get start . it build this ultimately in phase , so there would be -- as the phase get complete , it will get turn on so it do not have to have everything in place , day one . but it think , as far as get back with kind of the financing , it will have some information out for everyone relatively shortly . 