Welcome to the Paragon Offshore Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Hilda and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.Thank you, Hilda and welcome to Paragon Offshore’s fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. A copy of our earnings press release with supporting schedules is posted to our website, www.paragonoffshore.com under our Investor Relations page. For those of you who would like to release in PDF format, we’ve posted that as well. And following the call, we’ll post a couple of slides that reconcile some of the non-GAAP metrics we may discuss on the call today, to GAAP, as well as the summary of our guidance.Before I turn the call over to Randy, I would like to read to you our forward-looking statement. The statements made by management during this call contained forward-looking statements. Statements regarding contract backlog, earnings, costs, revenue, rig demand, fleet condition or performance, shareholder value, contract commitments, dayrates, contract commencements, contract extensions or renewals, industry fundamentals, customer relationships and requirements, strategic initiatives, future performance, growth opportunities, market outlook, guidance, prospect of credit facilities, as well as any other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions.These include but are not limited to risks associated with the general nature of the oil and gas industry. Risks associated with the operation of Paragon as a publicly traded company, actions by regulatory authorities, customers and other third parties and other factors detailed in the risk factor section of Paragon’s registration statement on Form 10 and Paragon’s most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in Paragon’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated. Paragon disclaims any duty to update the information presented on this call.Thank you, Lee and let me also welcome you to our earnings call. I’m here in London today following our Board Meeting and with me are Steve Manz, our CFO and Andrew Tietz, our Senior VP of Marketing contracts. We’ll each have a few prepared remarks before we move into the Q&A session of our call.It certainly was an eventful quarter for both Paragon and the industry. A significant achievement for Paragon during the quarter was the acquisition of Prospector Offshore. Prospector added approximately $385 million of contract backlog on two high specification, harsh environment JU-2000E jackups in the North Sea. In addition, Prospector also has three more JU-2000s under construction and these represent great opportunity for us.Construction continues to progress on schedule, with current deliveries set for later in 2015 and 2016 significant discussions with the shipyard about delaying delivery. We hoped to be able to rein these rigs in the fleet, but we won’t do that without the combination of attractive contracts and reasonable financing. From a transaction perspective, we are almost complete. In January, we closed out the mandatory tender offer period, having accumulated over 99% of the shares outstanding.Earlier this week, we commenced to squeeze-out period, with remaining few shares and this should be completed shortly, following which we will request the Prospector be delisted from the Oslo Exchange. Operationally, the integration of Prospector has gone smoothly. Steve will give you an update in his remarks on the status of Prospector debt, the bonds and the term loan. With respect to Paragon’s debt, another accomplishment during the quarter was to take advantage of the discounted value of our bonds to strengthen our balance sheet. Beginning in October and extending into the first part of January, we’ve repurchased our senior notes in open market at a discount, retiring $96 million in face value for approximately $72 million in cash. January returned of approximately 30% for shareholders.Paragon also ended the year with some impressive operating and safety statistics. For 2014, our full year total reportable incident rate was 0.57, about 25% better than the industry average as complied by the International Association of Drilling Contractors through September 2014, the last period for which it is currently available.That statistic may not mean much to you, so let me put it another way. Of the more than 12,000 operating days, our rigs had in 2014, more than 99% of them were worked without a recordable injury. Paragon is one of the safest drilling contractors in the industry, and our customers recognize that fact. Another key metric by which we and customers measure our performance is of time. Again we bring back to the 12,000 operating days for 2014. We operated at almost 98% efficiency with just over 2% of unpaid down time across the fleet. Again that’s an impressive example, for how the minimal movement ofParagon, using standard specification rigs, are creating value for shareholders and customers alike.Now let’s turn to 2015, there is no doubt that it is going to be a challenging year for our industry. We’re all well aware that capital spending is down due to lower oil prices, investors and industry participants are all trying to understand where the bottom might be for oil process, how quickly they might recover and at what level. I'm afraid we don’t know the answer any more than you do, though it’s our view they were unlike that you’ve seen any kind of pricingrecovery before the middle of the year, with the impact of the slowdown in shale development might begin to be felt.However, any potential oil price recovery in the back half of 2015 will likely improve spending by our customers only marginally. Nevertheless, we believe Paragon is well positioned for this kind of environment. I mentioned our uptime and the safety statistics, but we have another advantage, our ability to control cost. We operate our jackups at an average cost of $45,000 per day, that’s below what most other contractors can do, particularly those with new high-spec rigs and it gives us tremendous latitude as we respond to the current environment. Certain customers are asking us to reduce dayrates on existing contracts, and new contracts will certainly see lower rates, and our lower operating cost are an advantage.We are also fairly well contracted for the year, about 54% of our jackup days are committed for 2015 and about 85% of our floater days are committed. Mexico is obviously a key market for us in terms of jackups, and there is some uncertainty associated with PEMEX rig demand. Andrew will provide some limited commentary on that market in his remarks. But as the most recent fleet status shows, we are signing new contracts and extensions in several different regions, and we expect this trend to continue. One thing is clear, customers continue to find value in choosing Paragon as the high-quality, low-cost drilling contractor for the work that they are pursuing.Many investors believe that new rigs entering the market are going to replace Paragon’s rigs. I’m not going to go through all the arguments again as to why that is unlikely to happen. But I do want to run through the current numbers for you. Currently, there are about 132 new jackups that are planned on order or under construction. That’s little lower than the four due to some recent deliveries, as well as at least three cancellations that we’re aware of during the past three months. Of these new rigs, about 15 already have contracts, another 18 haven’t had still cut yet, so they are also prime candidates for cancellation.That leaves us with about 99 rigs under construction, with about 60 in China, 30 in Singapore and the rest in other countries. Unlike in the floater market, with almost 90 rigs under construction are being built by established contractors, the vast majority of jackups under construction are being built by financial speculators. These financial players simply don’t have the operating, marketing or back office organizations in place, they could transform them from being a rig builder to a rig contractor. And when you are trying to convince a customer to give you a job, that’s a world of difference, that’s why safe, reliable and efficient contractors like Paragon will continue to find work and many of these new rigs will start to pile up with shipyards.We also don’t believe for a variety of reasons, that most of these units are going to be available to buyers at deep discounts. So in our view, the most likely case is that rig buyers will negotiate delivery extension and when the rigs finally are completed, they will likely remain in the shipyard for some time.I’m now going to turn the call over to Steve to let him run through our financial information, before Andrew discusses the markets and then I will be back with a few final comments.Thank you, Randy and good morning to all of you on the line. As usual, I’ll spend a few minutes talking about the fourth quarter operating results, including $131 million impairment charge. I’ll also talk about the prospector balance sheet specifically new credit facilities that we assumed in the acquisition and how it will impact our own credit facility. I’ll give you an update on what’s happened since after year end and our strategy going forward.Finally, I’ll give you some high level guidance for 2015 and for the first quarter. As a reminder, when I talk about the fourth quarter results, I’ll be referring to the schedule in back of the press release on Page 12 that shows that Paragon results is a standalone company, they are labeled as adjust in the last three columns that will refer to the as adjusted numbers throughout my comments.Operationally, we had another very strong quarter. Our fourth quarter results included one month of result of Prospector. The revenue includes one month of the Prospector 1 which worked at a full dayrate. The Prospector 5 worked most of the months, but on a reduced dayrate until it was formally accepted by Total in late December. However, both rigs were fully accrued and incurred full operating expenses, which means that the margins will improve in the first quarter. Also our SG&A costs include all of the fees and expenses associated with the Prospector acquisition. Overall, our total revenues were $495 million in the fourth quarter. This is 1% higher than the third quarter and is 12% higher than the fourth quarter of last year.Contract drilling service revenues were $456 million, which is 4% higher than the third quarter and is 8% higher than the fourth quarter of last year. Contract drilling expenses were $225 million, which is 6% higher than the third quarter and is essentially flat to the fourth quarter of last year. So as a result, our contract drilling services gross margin improved both quarter-on-quarter and on a year-on-year basis.Our SG&A expenses was $24 million, which is more than the 100% higher than the third quarter and was approximately 56% higher than last year. As I mentioned already, our fourth quarter G&A expenses included all the professional fees and integration cost of the acquisition, plus one month of the G&A for Prospector expenses. In addition, our expenses were higher than last quarter due to filling some open positions and higher personnel costs. Going forward, we expect our SG&A cost to be much lower, approximately $14 million to $16 million per quarter, which is similar to what we guided previously.Depreciation expense in the fourth quarter was $91 million, which is 13% in the third quarter of $104 million, largely as a result of impairment taken in the third quarter and is 4% lower than the fourth quarter of last year. Our fourth quarter results include two non-recurring items, $131 million impairment charge related to our decision to scrap four of our rigs and a $12 million gain on the repurchase of our senior notes.So if you exclude the impairment charge and the gain in the repurchase of the senior notes, our fourth quarter EBITDA was $214 million. This compares to the third quarter EBITDA of $224 million and to the last year’s fourth quarter EBITDA of $184 million. The total CapEx for the year was $262 million, including $79 million in the fourth quarter. So we are very happy with the operating and financial results in the quarter.So now making a couple of comments on the $131 million impairment charge, the impairment charge was four of our assets, three rigs and our FPSO. We wrote down the DPDS4 drillship, which has been stacked in U.S. Gulf of Mexico for the last several years, the MSS3, which has been stacked in the Gulf of Mexico, the B153, which has been stacked in West Africa and our FPSO for the assets are formally retired and will be scrapped and as such will no longer be included in our fleet.As you recall, in the third quarter, we looked at our asset book values and we took a $920 million impairment charge. At that time, we look closely at the evaluations of all four assets. In fact, a portion of the impairment charge was for the FPSO. At that time the market values were supported by recent sale offers and so we feel comfortable with the book values as of September 30. Given that the industry conditions have deteriorated significantly in the last several months, the potential buyers have walked away. We were fortunate that we were able to close the sale of the M822, a 250 feet jackup without drilling equipment for $24 million in January, which results in the gain to be reflect in the first quarter results.To now onto the Prospector credit facilities. When we acquired the Prospector shares, we assumed $366 million in long-term debt as Prospector facilities included a $266 million, five-year term loan and $100 million second lien high yield bond. Both the term loan and the bond had changed control provisions allowing the lenders and the bondholders to put back their investments and loans to us. Last month, the bondholders exercised a change control and we repaid almost all of the outstanding bonds in January.The repurchase of bonds was at a price of $101, including the crude interest and responded by our revolver. Definitely, we’ve continued to discuss the Prospector term loan with the banks. The banks have been until mid-March to decide whether to exercise their change in control. Given the current industry weakness some of the banks have indicated that they will not wave the change of control provision. The remaining banks are actively recruiting other banks to replace him, are also considering increasing their commitment. We all know either way for another several weeks.So we’re also looking at alternative financing facilities. These alternatives would be completely independent of the Paragon credit facilities. We would be able to secure by the Prospector 1 and Prospector 5 in the cash flow generated from their total joint contractors. Despite the current industry downturn, their significant interest of refinance their term loan based on the high quality of the rig values and the strong contracts of Total.In addition, we are in the process of restructuring the ownership of the shipyard contracts with the Prospector 6, Prospector 7 and Prospector 8, the shipyard contracts are already non-recourse and are completely independent from each other. As a result of the restructuring, we will maintain several options including, number one, take delivery of the way, which would only happen if we have secured a drilling contract in a separate financial facility; two, sale one or all of the rigs; three, negotiate extensions for the delivery date; four, from ventures with other rig owners with rigs under construction.As we previously mentioned, there’s approximately 60 jackups under construction in China, most of the rigs have been ordered by financial groups. There have no capabilities to market opportunities this rigs. And ultimately, if the owners do not take delivery of these rigs, the Chinese banks to credit agencies will own the rig which they don’t wan to happen. This creates a number of great opportunities to expand our fleet without spending a lot of capital.So before I wrap up my comments, I’ll use some high level guidance for 2015 and the first quarter. The biggest challenge for us is trying to forecast our 2015 is what happens in Mexico, but as you know the market is very dynamic right now.The numbers I’m going to represent are view today, but depending on development during the year, these figures may change. Right now our guidance assumes that we will have some of our rigs in Mexico stack for the full year and we assume that a number of the existing rigs will get extensions, but at lower day rate. Andrew is going to give you more color on what’s happening in Mexico and other regions.But in 2015, we expect the following: we expect our contract drilling service revenue to be down approximately 20% to 25% lower than 2014, we expect our contract drilling expenses to be in the range of approximately $840 million to $870 million for the full year in 2015 and approximately $120 million to $230 million in the first quarter. Depreciation expense should be approximately $355 million to $375 million for the full year and approximately $85 million to $90 million for the first quarter. Our corporate SG&A will be approximately $55 million to $60 million for the full year and $14 million to $16 million for the first quarter.Our interest expense will be approximately $125 million to $135 million for the full year and approximately $30 million to $35 million in the first quarter. This excludes any potential capital rate interest. And our full year ETR will be approximately 30%, but a couple key drives for our ETR, the revenues and income in Mexico and West Africa, which are highest tax jurisdictions. The activities in these regions may increase or decrease the ETR, depending on the utilizations in all rigs there. And finally, we expect our annual CapEx to be approximately $230 million to $250 million, with $60 million to $65 million in the first quarter. This includes CapEx associated with Prospector rigs.Thank you, Steve. Today, I would like make some comments regarding the broader market for offshore drilling rigs, followed by a commentary on the Pacific markets in which we operate. The rapid decrease in oil prices has had a dramatic impact on the demand for offshore drilling rigs. The state of this decline caught everybody by surprise and came at an unfortunate time just as our customers were finalizing their 2015 budgets. This combined with what was [indiscernible]and already oversupplied rig market has led many of our clients to make some significant revisions to their capital budgets as they seek to preserve cash and boosts their owner terms.Rig utilization and rates continue to trend downward last quarter. The supply/demand imbalance on floating assets is becoming derrick pronounced especially for order floaters. The technological benefits of today’s high-specification floaters compared to the rigs of yesterday can be significant. While the ultra-deepwater segment continues to suffer from lack of demand, the deepwater and mid-water segments have been particularly hard hit. As a result, we have seen an unprecedented number of floaters either cold-stacked or scraped in the past six months. We expect this trend to continue as there are over 5000 to 7500 foot water depth plus rated DP rigs available between now and the end of 2015.In light of these market conditions, and as mentioned earlier, Paragon elected to cold-stacked, the DPDS1 and scraped the MSS3 and the DPDS4. However, the rest of our floating fleet is well contracted in 2015 with approximately 85% of days covered. The only significant time available is on the MSDS1 in India. And based on current discussions, we’re hopeful that the rig will receive an extension, keeping it busy for the remainder of 2015.However, the industry’s renewed focus on costs could be a positive for Paragon Offshore’s jackup fleet where we’re the leading low costs, high quality jackup provider. As we have been saying for quite sometime, the vast majority of jackup projects around the world do not require a high-specification jackup. Our client base in this cost conscious low oil price environment have come to the conclusion that new high-specification jackups are nice to have, but in many cases are not required. The incremental costs associated with the higher-specification jackups are getting more and more difficult to justify. Indeed, our clients are less interested in the age of the jackup than they are in having a safe, reliable and efficient one with experienced cruise.During 2014, there were 343 rigs years of jackup backlog added across the industry. This is a significant decrease from the 488 years added in 2013. On the floater side, there were only 158 rig years of backlog added versus 210 years in 2013, well down from the peak of 654 years in 2012. There have been very few contracts awarded this year and this trend is likely to continue. Fortunately, we have been successful in securing additional backlog for our rigs, albeit at lower rates as we compete against the larger number of available standard and high-specification jackups.In the North Sea, we have limited availability on our fleet during 2015 have been recently secured extensions on the HC1, the C463 and the MSS1 in addition to a new contract and a letter of intent on the C20052. This is an impressive accomplishment considering a number of available or soon to be available jackups, many of which are high-specification rigs. This evidence supports our view that the standard specification still have value as our customers could have secured new jackups to replace ours, but didn’t. We expect to see additional downward pressure on rates as more rigs become available, but stand ready to defend our market share.In Mexico, [indiscernible] over the spread at which the government implemented constitutional changes last year has turned into a hangover as Pemex and the government worked to implement these significant changes. Exasperating this difficult challenge has been the sudden drop in oil prices. Pemex, like every other oil company, has taken a first look at their 2015 budget and plan significant cuts. As a result, there have been very few contract extensions and no new contract awards. Three of our rigs holdup contracts in December are currently idle in Mexico. We currently have six jackups working in Mexico and have been successful in securing short-term extensions on a couple of these. We continue to have meaningful discussions with Pemex regarding our jackups and our confidence. There are new procurement group understands the value proposition, our standard specification jackups provide.Turning to the Middle East and India, we currently have two jackups available following the sale of the M822 in January. State oil companies, many of them located in the Middle East, take a longer term view of the market and tend to work through the cycles. We expect the L784 to return to work in the second quarter and we continue to look for opportunities for the L1111. The next available units are the Dhabi II and the B152. These two units are deployed in very shallow water fields and our another example were standard specification jackup is the rig of choice. In India, we expect to see a number of tenders coming out of ONGC in the near future. The majority of which will be for standard specification rigs.In Southeast Asia, we expect the L785 to complete its contract with Talisman Malaysia in the second quarter. Petronas, the largest importer of jackups in the region, is taking a hard look at the rig requirements where they deploy a fleet as mainly high specification jackups. The majority of these opportunities could be successfully executed with standard specification jackups, however. As such, there might be an opportunity to displace some of these rigs going forward as Petronas looks to balance capital spending with optimum production growth.The West African market continues to be soft. There is pent-up demand in Nigeria, but local content concerns and funding issues worked to put a damper on new contracts, leading to an oversupply of jackups. We currently have one jackup idle and are hopeful to have a firm commitment for this rig in the near future. In Brazil, we came to an agreement with Petrobras to early terminate the DPDS1 contract effective 1 December and transfer 100% of the remaining dollar value backlog on to the MSS2. Not only is the MSS2 a much higher margin rig, but it also has a better track record earning its Petrobras bonus. All three of our rigs in Brazil have firm contracts well into 2016 and 2017 and they continue to perform extremely well. In fact, Petrobras ranks Paragon Offshore as the highest rated non-Brazilian drilling contractor and we currently stand as their fourth best offshore drilling company according to their internal metrics.In summary, there is no doubt the sudden collapse in commodity prices will continue to put downward pressure on utilization and consequently rates. This decrease in oil price has put cost squarely in the crosshairs of our client base and we adjusted our prices accordingly. However, we continue to secure new jackup contracts and contract extensions. In many cases, we’ve been able to secure extensions competing against new high-specification jackups. Our customers appreciate what is truly important in a jackup operation by rewarding us with the new contracts, a trend we expect will continue. Contrary to popular belief, not all of the older jackups are ready to be retired.Thanks, Andrew. One last thing I’d like to comment on before we begin taking questions is our dividend. After a lengthy discussion on our board meeting, we made a decision to suspend it for the time being. We believe it is better to use our available capital for purchasing our senior notes at discounted prices and to preserve liquidity during this time of uncertainty. 2015 is going to be a challenging year for the industry and for Paragon, but we’ve been through challenging times before. Our operations people, our management team and our board understand what it takes to navigate through difficult environments. We’ve made our case and then we’re well-positioned to do so.Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Smith from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.I just want to make sure I understood your last comment Randy on the dividend. Did I understand that’s a full suspension, was that effective immediately?Yes, Dave, that’s correct. We’ve suspended the dividend for the time being and we’ll evaluate in the future for cause that we have stated, but for now it’s gone.Okay, good call, I just want to make sure I understood that. Notice a big uptick in the accounts receivable during the fourth quarter. I’m just wondering if you could give us a little color on what drove that and whether you have a few on the direction for DSOs going forward?Yes, I think we would expect DSOs will generally come down that Steve comment a little bit more, but basically I think a lot of the disruption occurred in Mexico, as Pemex is going through a lot of internal reorganization kind of that their budget being issued for 2015, that’s primarily where a lot of the receivables were held and that’s started to improve now on the average budget from these 2015, I will let Steve to comment on that.Yes, that’s correct. David, as part of the stem, there’s a little – like a bureaucratic like a snap to – we have to kind of process all the rigs names up to Pemex. But there is a couple – for a couple of months, we saw nothing for Pemex. We started getting some of the kind of the payments in late November, December. A big chunk of our receivable balance at year end was – a big piece of that was Pemex and about two-thirds that has already been collected soon. So I think the combination of getting all the bureaucracy the kind of change the rig names and also with – they kind of gets approval from the project. I think we’re almost essentially like caught up with Pemex. And so like Randy [indiscernible] the receivable was much better than first quarter.On the Prospector financing, if the term loan is – put to you in March, do you have sort of backup financing in place, but the plan to be sort of finance it up Prospector or would you just pull that out to the corporate revolver?I think the – I guess the last result for us is the use the revolver. We’re still working hard with the banks, the lenders on the Prospector term loan, but actually we’re pretty far along with two different kinds of sources. So, I think we’re hopeful that we’ll have certain – one way or the other probably by the end of the first quarter.Got it. And then as you think about just the dividend payment in repurchasing on secure bonds, is there sort of a number in your mind or a target in terms of thinking about how many unsecured bonds you kind of were comfortable buying at this point, just broadly how are you thinking about kind of capital allocation right now?I think we’re going to be very conservative for the time being. We had a regional allocation from our board to purchase up to 100 million. We’ve used the majority of that out. So we don’t have a lot left with that going back to the board and asking for additional improvements. I think we’re going to kind of watch and see what happens over this quarter or so before we get too much back into the bond markets.Okay. And then just last one for me. As you say about writing through this business conservatively is there a minimum liquidity number that you have in mind that you kind of want to keep on hands at all times or any guidance on that you could give us?Approximately give you guidance, but I will tell you this, our goal is to maintain as much liquidity as possible during the times of uncertainty, so we’re going to be trying to maximize the availability over the next several quarters.I think what are we going certainly is that we want to kind of minimize the – whatever kind of draws we have in the revolver by the end of the year, I think what do we have in the balance right now like one of our goal for us to kind of pay any kind of free cash flow to kind of paid down the revolver just close to zero as possible.Can you maybe extrapolate a bit more or talk a bit more about the standard versus high-spec, I think you mentioned it, I don’t maybe three or four times during the comments, I think most of the probably in Andrew section of the comments, what I guess sort of what I like to understand is the difference in that you’re seeing now in day rates to understand why customers are seem to be pushing more towards the standard than the high-spec?Yeah, the reason for that is because customers focused right now is almost entirely on reducing cost. Because of our low cost structure, we have an opportunity to work at lower day rates and a high-spec rig can work at and still generate a greater profit. And for most of the work that our customers are during today which is primarily development work and workovers, our standards [indiscernible] are perfectly suited for that. So if you’re cutting back on exploration drilling, you’re focused more on development drilling and workovers. We have the rig of choice for that at the price that our customers are willing to pay.Well, Steven, I will just give you an example because it’s varies a lot from region to region, but if you look at on our average cost to operating one of our jackups today is about 45,000 a day. The average cost typically to operate a higher specification unit is probably in the $75,000 to $80,000 a day range, so we automatically have about $30,000 a day advantage over any of the high-spec rigs and they don’t have inherent advantages from a efficiency standpoint either. So I mean it’s a situation where our customers are not willing to pay for something they don’t need.Pretty much, but you can think about it for the government drilling the workovers, you can’t use the full capabilities of the new high-spec rigs, you get no efficiency gains out of that.And about 40% of what we do around the world is workover related, particularly in a place like Mexico, we’re almost two-thirds of the work that we do as workover related. So those are the places where you’re certainly not going to see any efficiency from using a bigger more expensive rig. I think the other thing to remember, Randy mentioned in his comments is don’t forget all of these new jackups were being built, all right, there is no cruise for them, there is nobody out there who could market these things. And so yes they are being built, but they are not really effective supply because when they show up to a customer to try and convince a customer to give them a job, it’s a difficult conversation for them as opposed to Paragon where we can show up and say, well look here is our rig, it’s an older rig, but it’s very well maintained, look at our safety record, it’s one of the best in the industry, our day rates are extremely competitive and it does exactly what you needed to do plus you’ve worked with those before and you know our people, there is a switching cost, right Andrew.So how big is this opportunity, maybe – sides this on what you’re going – what’s the ability to displace is worldwide and…I don’t think it’s too much ability to displace or there will not be an opportunity for us to gain market share. But I think what it means is because of the type of work we do, which is primarily development and workover work, that’s a sort of thing that goes on even in the down market. It’s more production related drilling, it’s more OpEx and CapEx. If you think about it, our customers look at it. And so it’s the base level of drilling activity that that doesn’t really go well. And I think that’s the real difference for us. The work that a lot of the high-spec rigs are doing is sort of thing that’s more discretionary and customers can cut back over a well.It’s a little bit like the [indiscernible] operations where you have a – you have joined the companies, you have both – you have a rig operation, you have the well services, a lot of the work that we’re doing with the – jackup is the same kind of came to what happened to the well service in short.And then just one financial question maybe for Steven, if I look at the numbers and the guidance that you gave, am I right to say you generate I don’t know it was $150 million to $200 million in cash flow. Could you talk about what you are – you’re going to use that for? I know you’ve talked some about debt, but maybe talk about one? How you think about the debt payments and two just flat out reinvesting in the business doing more Prospector type deals? And then in your opening comments, you’ve commented about what the shipyards sounds like are not going to do, so what that opportunity is? Thank you.Yeah, I think from our viewpoint, there’re probably won’t be anymore Prospector deals out there right now. That was a unique opportunity with a lot of backlog with some high-spec rigs, workover customer that we already had a good relationship with. I don’t know of any more deals like that that are out there and we’re not going to do anything on the spec. So I think what we’re going to do is the very conservative with our cash, the cash that we generate like Steve said earlier we will probably use primarily to payback our revolver that we draw them. And then if we see good buying opportunities for rigs that are working and have contracts or if we see opportunities in the future to put rigs to work on all new contracts, we will look at that. But for the time being, we’re not really interested in going out and just buying something even if it is cheap.Hi guys good afternoon. Quick question for you guys, on the Mexico front I know that – I know it’s hard to figure out exactly what’s going on there, but I’m curious, the big issue there that I think we’ve wrestled with is the fact that there’re so many new [indiscernible] build over there, a lot of them with Mexican connections. I guess I wrestled with them to struggle to think about how those rigs, if Pemex need to make some hard decisions how is it going to be that those, they sort of just pumped on those rigs as that there isn’t some possible impact to you guys on that front. I get the cost differential argument, but it just feels like maybe it could be a little bit more complicated. Just curious how you guys are thinking about the potential impact of those new rigs sort of coming out and sitting idle?I think in Mexico there is still a convinced amount of uncertainty, I don’t think any of some of the answer today. But I’ll say this, Pemex has been very clear that they cut their budget, they’re going to be looking at cost than more than anything else, they’re going to be looking at ways to reduced costs and it’s going to be difficult for them to put a lot of new build jack - hi-spec jack-ups to work in a market where they believe they need those rigs. If they do that, that’s their choice, but I think it can be [indiscernible] justified that and meet their drilling plans for the year.So I think it’s a kind of a wait-and-see situation around there. We still feel recently confidence that we came most of our rigs working in Mexico maybe we don’t have current day rates, but we’ll see how that turns out over the next few months.Great, yes, thanks I guess one more follow-up on that and to the extent that you do have some prolonged periods of time, a vital time on some of those rigs, what can you do to bring the cost down, I don’t think it’s quite the same as the U.S. Gulf or it’s pretty quick to just basically lay the rig up. If you go to one stacking model, do you maybe bring some of them back to the U.S. side of things, just thinking about sort of maybe a base case scenario where you’d be thinking on end up a lot of work from most of them, but you’re looking at three, six, nine months idle a couple of them.If we have extended idle time of rigs, we have an opportunity to cut our cost fairly quickly in Mexico as well. Most of our contracts in Mexico are partially accrued by Pemex anyway, so it’s not that difficult for us to reduce the full complement. And as far as moving rigs back to the U.S., I think, if we see a prolonged downturn and we don’t see an opportunity for some of those rigs we might do that, but I think we’re going to wait until weather improves here in few months before we think about it now.Okay, nice and then just quickly switching gears, I’ll ask one more, one of the things that we heard a decent amount over the last couple of weeks, I guess in earnings season is a sense that there is some oil companies out there, mainly NOCs that are looking to really take and not give much back of the sense we’ve gotten until Saudi comes to mind, Pemex, basically asking for sort of on the spot dayrate reductions well that really seemed to be going off a much of anything else even some extended backlogs. Do you guys see any real material risk with any of your customers on that front, do you think it is more isolated to some of these bigger names?And then maybe the flip side of that is may there be some guys out there that actually played hard ball and lost when they went up against the Oil Company and maybe you guys put some extra opportunities or guys didn’t back down or didn’t want to give in and ended up with contract cancellation. So really any perspective on the pluses and minus I guess is that idea?Yes, with the exception of Pemex, most of our contracts are pretty firm anyway and the customer didn’t have a lot of them to the force just to doing anything, I’ll let Andrew comment on kind of what we’re seeing customers, because we are seeing a push to reduce rates in some cases.Yes, we’ve done a complete view of all of our contracts and got paid for what sort of risk we have and it is really said with the exception of Pemex, we feel like we have firm contracts, so every customer has come to us and talked to us about what possibility we can do and those discussions are ongoing and they’ve resulted in some contract extensions especially in the North Sea. And we’ll continue to have those conversations and as long as it’s a win-win scenario then we’ll close those deals, but arbitrarily just coming to us and asking us for the rate reductions in exchange for nothing is something that’s going to be very difficult for us to accept.I think the other part of your question about you would see some opportunity at some of our players [ph] trying to play hard ball with customers. I think there is always there opportunity out there. We’re going to always try to be reasonable to work with customers who we can and where we can get something in return for swap in a lower day rate and we’ll always try to do that, because it’s important to us to keep working for the people that will work for the day.[Indiscernible] that has a couple of functions in Mexico and a big piece of our - we’re going to – we’re assuming we’re going to have a few of the rigs that are going to be idle stack for the rig and we’re going to have some of –we’re going to get extensions.Yes, I just casting to look – continue to look to the fleet status that’s where you will see that the best and most up to-date picture of what the rigs are generating in terms of revenue.Great. So your sort of anticipating in my next question which was - I want to get clarity on what we baked in sort of Pemex into those numbers, I assume based on some of the discussions you had about this type of work that those rigs are doing that sort of had influence, what you put in there. So if you’re doing two-thirds work over type of work in Mexico does that mean that you could have two-thirds of the – two-thirds of the fleet on or two-thirds of those running rigs you left on in 130 took off and that was certainly the way you guided yourself through pushing the numbers through the guidance.No, that’s not at all I’ll get, what we’re saying is – is got the combination of lower day rates and potentially lower utilization as far as guiding to any particular local utilization in Mexico when our rates to do that at this time.Okay, so we can anything get sort of like 50-50 of the [indiscernible] 20% decrease in rate or so it should…Okay, and then maybe then just to give us an idea of timeline, once the budget. Can you give us a little bit more information on once you do that in an improved budget and when we should expect to start to see some clarity on the different jackups that could be working in the Mexico?I think that’s going to be at the Pemex more than us, they just released the budget, you have to go back to the field operations groups, you talk about drilling programs and [indiscernible] do this year is kind of the curious process and then we will hear something back at some point over the next few weeks.Alright, this week, do you think it’s week, not months that we get some clarity on [indiscernible] that will be working.Okay, that’s helpful. And then maybe back to the Prospector rig in the shipyard, you guys that before you talked about non-recourse. Can you just review first what you mean by the fact that this through that this shipyard contract or non-recourse, what’s the more specific.Yes, those are the contracts are in separate entities, not connected to Paragon and actually separate in the recent Prospector. So there is really no non-recourse factor in the parent company almost, shipyard contracts network, I mean that worked.Very good, this conservative first rig adding kind of secured by $2 million deposit essential if we don’t take delivery of that and then ultimately we can’t we don’t get an expansion our recourses as we for fit to $2 million deposit on it.Okay, it’s release is that because the way that structured in those entities that, if you did walk away from the rig you wouldn’t have faced any sort of liability and our sort of losses.That’s correct. And if you walk away from Prospector rigs, you still have them the rights to take the Prospector I think the process 7 or 8. I think some brilliant benefit each other.Okay, and then rig I think relates to that is have you guys actually we’ve been actually bidding those into tenders.We’re looking at your opportunities that entered couple of amounts that is but as you might guess there aren’t that many opportunities for new hospice rigs right now.Right, okay, so you have been up you would be if there were an opportunity would be bidding them into tenders, but you still don’t really see any?And then just one more thing about the rigs on Mexico and but we do have their sort of available and I'm assuming you’re keeping that for optionality purposes what you’re day cost is I think you said sort of 45 a day generally on the jackups what is that cost you keep and they’re like I’m assuming keeping them sort of one stacked what’s you’re cost there per day to keep in there?I think you should assume kind of roughly the 40,000 a day range there for the currently and if you decide the stacked rigs and that will come down to dramatically.Gentlemen, good morning. I just had a question on Petrobas specifically is given the term level there and the concern that’s kind of surrounding even booked backlog. Is there any cause I think contracts on the rigs you have in Brazil right now that could allow Petrobras to cancel contracts early with some sort of penalty payments.No, there is no termination for convenience in those contracts. So obviously it’s a contract with [indiscernible] company, so generally there will be few more outs in those sort of contracts, but there is not – not an ability for them to cancel them on for convenience.Our level of performance in Brazil and in fact they actually do have drilling programs for those rigs this time we likely.Got it. And then my other question was what you guys considered your best use of cash flow right now, obviously that you’ve scrapped the dividend, but is there any potential or willingness to buyback any more of your debt?I think we’ll look at that in the future, the first thing here we have going down some on our revolver, we want to pay that back first, so I think that’s – number one in our list and then after that we might look at buying back some additional debt.Hey, thanks for let me back in. More of a high level question, just regarding the view that lot of the new-build jackups gets build in China but might end up sitting in New York for long time. If we think ahead into 2016 or 2017 and you’re looking at those rigs as potential buyer. Is there any concern that you would have about assets that you’re fully build and that have been sitting on the yards for a year, two years, may be more.There is definitely some concern and I think we start talking about commissioning, our rigs has been sitting there for a year or more after it was build in particularly the one that we didn’t managed the construction on to begin with, I think we have to be very careful about buying rigs like that and going with your eyes open.I would say, David, the labor cost from China in the shipyards is relatively cheap and so the rigs that are actually delivered and just waiting you actually look fairly group - look pretty large group of people doing the housekeeping and maintaining like for anything it doesn’t really help with the commissioning you have to go back and do that. But on the painting and then rusting anything else that’s well preserved.That’s what I wanted to see, do you expect that that we have all of these assets, they could be well preserved and that can be the difference between post buyer sales versus [indiscernible] came for little longer.Hi guys, actually it’s Wilbur Matthews. First of all, I just want to make an observation, I got to say I’ve never seen a company buyback as much debt as you guys have and kind of put your money way them out there is an after market not recognize it, but good as to you for doing it. And the second point I wanted to follow-up on the Brazilian aspect to your business, you would say that you were the number one rated non-Brazilian contractor, is that right?So that would mean that the top three are locals, can you say whether or not those top three have been guided in the [indiscernible].No, the way Petrobras give that information to us we’re only identified. We’re the only contractor identified. So you don’t know who is in one other position.So we’ll see the bar chart that shows what the ratings are, but it will be – it will be paradigm being mid position and then you’ll see company A, B, C without need.There is no chance we’re going to get enveloped to that how scandals are there we have no envelop in need that we have to execute.So with respect to that as Brazil develops it’s CapEx plan, I think over the next couple of years they’re going to have to continue drilling right, Petrobras is a real company with $2.6 million barrels a day in production. It would seem to me that you guys stand a significantly better chance of winning contracts than the three locals in front of you or the Marriott locals that have now been kind of denied access to bid on contracts, is that not the case?Well, I think as long as they continue to have a need for rig that need our specifications, we’re in great shape and currently they have a drilling program in the Campos basin that can you allows our rigs and as long as that continues we’ll probably keep working down there. So I think we should be in a great position for that stand.I mean there could any of the technical work to see if we can get on some wells in a little bit shallow water with our DP assets and if we could do that that would be a significant advantage over some of the other competitors.And I would just add the local content that the amount of money that we spent on the DPDS2 and the DPDS3 in Brazil get those rigs a large local content percentage relative to the rest of fleet and that’s very important Petrobras.Okay and so any of the stack Mexican rigs, would you be able to utilize us in any Brazilian fields or is that Water Ultra Deep?They don’t really current drilling activity and really shallow water who can use the jackup, I guess we consider that but at this point in time, maybe they’re doing this in deep water.Okay and so if you would look to redeploy stack Pemex rigs is the kind of Gulf is the best option or other places in the world where there are those types of drilling programs?I would say that U.S. Gulf of Mexico is our last reserve that is a not very good market right now for anybody its - there is very little demand, very low day rates, short-term contracts, just not the environment that we’re going to participating right now.And of course you’ve seen other competitors stacking rigs here recently, so there is – it’s not as there are opportunities waiting for us if we move rigs into the Gulf.I think we look at other markets around the world if we tell there was a prolonged assets of activity in Mexico, but it would probably not the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.Thank you. And with that we’re going to call that as our last question hitting the top of the hour here. I would like to thank all of you for joining us, Steve is available in the office there in Houston. I’m available in London both of us for follow-up and we will see you again back in May when we report our first quarter 2015 results. Thank you very much for your interest in Paragon.