the third quarter result reflect a continuation of managing through the protract downturn in certain market , while position Parker to address increase customer demand and other . during the quarter , it global Rental Tools Services business continue to improve , and it deploy additional CapEx towards quick payback opportunity , which it describe in it second quarter conference call . this investment will continue in the fourth quarter , as it see some strong customer demand in it Rental Tools Services market . in it drilling business , it be see stability in several market , include the Kurdistan region of Iraq and Kazakhstan , while continue to expand it O&M service , as demonstrate by it recently award O&M contract for service offshore California . it be extremely pleased to announce this award , as this support it commitment and strategy of expand it Drilling Services business , while exercise capital discipline . this project also provide meaningful contract backlog and bolster it U.S. ( Lower 48 ) segment , which have struggle , because of the challenging shallow - water Gulf of Mexico market environment . before it get into the result for the quarter , it would like to address two topic and then it will turn the call over to Mike , to give more context on the result before conclude with some final remark . first , as report in it earning press release , it have take a pretax non - cash impairment charge of $ 44 million in the third quarter relate to it Gulf of Mexico and international barge asset . it adjust the carry value of these asset when it determine there be a low probability of near - term recovery in it respective market . activity in it barge business have historically have a high correlation to commodity price . however , as oil price have materially improve since it low in 2016 , demand for the barge rig in these market have not recover due to a number of factor . in previous call , it have outline the challenge it client face in the shallow - water Gulf of Mexico market . it large customer continue to allocate resource to unconventional onshore play in the U.S. , where it have substantially large volume or well to drill . and it pure - play shallow - water Gulf of Mexico client , which tend to be small operator , continue to have difficulty attract capital in the current business environment . similarly , it international barge business , which consist of one rig in the Caspian Sea , serve a niche market where customer be divert it focus to land and deep offshore project . in light of these challenge , it assess the recoverability of these two asset group and determine the carry value be partially impair . More detail on the impairment charge and it assessment be available in it third quarter 10-q. while activity continue to be depress in some market , such as it barge business , it be encourage by the market improvement in other key area where it operate . it see opportunity for profitable growth in these market as the industry continue to recover . capture these opportunity will require strategic investment and more financial flexibility than it current capital structure allow . currently , a significant portion of it cash be direct towards interest payment , limit it ability to invest in growth opportunity . as it have discuss previously , it be actively explore option to address it upcoming debt maturity and improve it capital structure , so that it be well position for long - term growth across industry cycle , which bring it to it second topic . as part of this effort , it proactively engage in discussion with one of it large shareholder , which have agree to review certain material non - public information under a time - limit non - disclosure agreement , or NDA , so that it can have more detailed conversation about it capital structure well ahead of it future debt maturity . the NDA have now expire . and in accordance with it agreement and SEC requirement , it disclose the information that be share with the investor to the rest of the market . this effectively cleanse this shareholder of the material non - public information . while it appreciate the effort of it shareholder to offer capital structure solution , it determine that the propose term be not the right solution for the company at this time and that it be prudent to evaluate other option that may be more favorable to all Parker stakeholder . in fact , it remain in active dialogue with other stakeholder regard way to strengthen it capital structure . and while these discussion continue , it have ample liquidity to continue serve it customer without interruption . the process of review capital structure option take time and it be committed to get this right and reach the optimal outcome for it stakeholder . as a result of this effort , it G&A for the quarter be materially high largely due to professional fee , and it expect it to remain elevated in the fourth quarter as well . at this point , it will hand the call over to Mike , to discuss it third quarter result . after it closing , it will describe in more detail the material that be disclose today .  , Gary . for the 2018 third quarter , it report revenue to $ 123.4 million , a net loss available to common shareholder of $ 71.9 million and adjust EBITDA of $ 15 million or 12.1 % of revenue . it loss per share for the quarter be $ 7.70 . exclude the impairment loss , it loss per share for the quarter be $ 2.99 . in it International & Alaska Drilling segment , revenue be in line with it guidance , while it post a small gross margin profit versus it original expectation of a $ 1 million to $ 3 million loss . revenue in this segment decrease sequentially by 10.4 % from $ 53.3 million to $ 47.8 million , primarily due to one of it rig in Alaska complete work early in July and remain on a reduce standby rate through the remainder of the quarter , which it reference during it prior call . gross margin for the segment decrease to $ 250,000 from $ 5 million in the second quarter , drive primarily by the decline in Alaska revenue and partially offset by improvement in it Sakhalin Island and offshore Canada O&M project . third quarter rig utilization for the segment rise to 41 % , compare with 34 % in the second quarter , as it achieve high overall volume of rig activity . the U.S. ( low 48 ) drilling segment also perform in line with it guidance . business activity remain subdue with utilization for the third quarter roughly flat sequentially . revenue for the third quarter be $ 4.5 million , compare with $ 3.3 million in the second quarter and gross margin improve to a loss of $ 1.2 million versus a loss of $ 1.4 million in the second quarter . third quarter revenue and gross margin primarily benefit from a favorable mix in barge drilling activity and the recent award of an O&M contract offshore California , which Gary highlight earlier . it currently have one barge rig working , however , it expect overall average utilization for the fourth quarter will be consistent with the third quarter , as activity remain sporadic in this difficult market environment . it Drilling Services contract backlog increase to $ 238.9 million at the end of the third quarter , compare with $ 215.5 million in the second quarter with most of the increase come from it newly - award California O&M project . of the current backlog , 14.9 % will be recognize in 2018 and 41.2 % be project in 2019 . turn to the Rental Tools Services business . it continue to see grow demand as revenue in both the U.S. and international segment increase sequentially . in the U.S. Rental Tools segment , it capital investment make earlier in the year be pay off nicely , as it see a continuation of healthy demand in the U.S. despite rig count growth slow in the quarter . sequential revenue improvement of 21.1 % outpace the relatively flat U.S. rig count in the third quarter . quarterly revenue increase to $ 50.9 million from $ 42.1 million in the previous quarter . the increase be due primarily to improve activity and share gain onshore U.S. as well as an increase in offshore Gulf of Mexico activity . gross margin in the segment be $ 29 million , compare with $ 22.8 million in the second quarter and gross margin as a percent of revenue increase by 2.8 percentage point to 56.9 % from 54.1 % in the second quarter . this margin expansion be the result of broad - base improvement in volume as well as low incremental operating expense . in it International Rental Tools segment , it again see both sequential revenue and gross margin improvement due to continue demand for it tubular running service , particularly in the Middle East . segment revenue be up 1.1 % to $ 20.2 million , compare with $ 19.9 million in the second quarter . gross margin be $ 1.4 million , up from $ 591,000 in the prior quarter . this improvement in gross margin be mainly due to increase in revenue and low incremental operating expense as a result of gain scale in core market . this mark the fourth consecutive quarter of grow positive gross margin for this segment , a trend it expect to continue as market rebound and it deliver strong customer service . regard other financial item , it third quarter G&A expense be $ 14.5 million , up from $ 8.3 million in the second quarter . as Gary state earlier , this increase be primarily relate to professional fee tie to it ongoing capital structure evaluation . it record a tax expense of $ 2.4 million in the third quarter on a pre - tax loss of $ 68.6 million . the reported tax expense reflect the mix of result in the jurisdiction , in which it operate and it inability to recognize benefit associate with certain loss as a result of it exist valuation allowance . it effective tax rate in the quarter be negative 3.5 % . for 2018 , it still expect it effective tax rate to be between negative 5 % and negative 15 % . this be largely the result of non - cash valuation allowance that restrict it ability to recognize benefit associate with certain loss . it expect it 2018 cash taxis to be approximately $ 8 million to $ 10 million with $ 7 million pay during the first nine month of 2018 . it capital spending in the third quarter be $ 19.5 million , total $ 52 million for the first nine month of the year . as previously guide , it expect it 2018 capital expenditure will be approximately $ 75 million with capital spending , primarily direct to quick payback opportunity in it U.S. and international rental business . turn now to it balance sheet and cash flow . total long - term debt outstanding at quarter - end be $ 579.3 million , which include a principal amount of $ 585 million , less $ 5.7 million of unamortized debt issuance cost . it net debt position at the end of the quarter be $ 5.3 million or 74.7 % of net capitalization . it end the quarter with a cash balance of $ 81.7 million , down $ 32.7 million from last quarter and $ 59.8 million from the prior year - end . it make semi - annual interest payment of $ 20.6 million in both the first and third quarter , total $ 41.2 million for the year . total liquidity at the end of the quarter be $ 140.3 million , consist of $ 81.7 million in cash and $ 58.6 million available under it revolving credit facility . available liquidity under it credit facility increase $ 6 million from the prior period . that conclude the financial review . it will turn it back to Gary , for it final remark . Gary ?  , Mike . look towards the fourth quarter , it expect it consolidated revenue and gross margin before G&A will improve slightly compare with the third quarter level , primarily due to a continuation of strong performance in it Rental Tools segment and a slight increase in the Drilling Services activity . for the U.S. Rental Tools segment , it expect fourth quarter revenue and gross margin will be roughly flat , compare with the third quarter , as continue ease in U.S. land rig count growth and reduction in deepwater Gulf of Mexico project tamper it rental activity growth . in the International Rental Tools segment , it anticipate revenue will be relatively flat with the third quarter , as gain in Latin America service will be offset by low sale in the Middle East . however , gross margin be likely to show sequential gain due to this favorable mix in revenue and low operating expense . for it U.S. ( Lower 48 ) drilling segment , it expect revenue and gross margin to remain in line with the third quarter due to continued stagnant utilization in the Gulf of Mexico market . with respect to the California O&M , it be still in the early stage of the project as the platform prepare for operation . it expect more meaningful financial contribution will occur once full operation get underway in early 2019 . in the International & Alaska Drilling segment , it anticipate that revenue will increase in the fourth quarter to a range between $ 54 million and $ 58 million . and a gross margin for the segment will improve to range between $ 1 million and $ 3 million . the main reason behind the increase in revenue and gross margin be due to rig operate for the full quarter in the Kurdistan region of Iraq and Kazakhstan , where it do not in the third quarter . additionally , it continue to have very encouraging discussion with it client in Alaska , and it feel there be a high probability for one rig to return to service as early as December , but no later than the first quarter of 2019 . it also continue to market it second rig in Alaska as well and see promising sign for rig activation later in 2019 or early 2020 . in the international market , it continue to participate in a high volume of tender and anticipate additional rig will return to work in 2019 . in fact , it be already recognize positive result from it recent tendering activity . earlier this quarter , it be select as the prefer bidder and receive a letter of intent through the provision of O&M service for another major offshore drilling project . upon contract execution , this will mark the second offshore O&M contract it have receive this year . as it mention earlier in the call , it expect it G&A expense for the fourth quarter will continue to be elevate due to professional fee associate with it ongoing capital structure evaluation . although this effort be take time to complete , it be committed to ensure the good possible outcome for all stakeholder . exclude these incremental fee , it expect it full year 2018 adjust EBITDA to come in around the top end of it previous guidance of $ 65 million to $ 75 million . now it would like to turn to it recent disclosure , but before it go into detail , let it provide some context and background on the matter . the information it disclose today be part of it ongoing review of option to address it capital structure and would refer it to it SEC filing so it may review the material it . this be an effort to create financial flexibility and the foundation it need to seize future opportunity as it industry recover and to execute Parker Drilling ’s broad strategy . the goal of provide these material to one of it large shareholder be to describe it current situation in light of it capital constraint . the opportunity it see to grow the business , both the U.S. and emerge international market recovery and the path to achieve that goal , while it have significant liquidity and cash flow in the near term under it current capital structure , it be simply unable to make the necessary long - term investment to participate in many of the growth opportunity it see on the horizon . and the financial projection it include in the cleanse material reflect these constraint . now it would like to walk it through at a high - level some of the information that be disclose in the cleanse material . first , it share it vision for Parker Drilling and both it near- and long - term strategy for the company . in the near term , it see opportunity to continue leverage it global distribution network and strong reputation to capitalize on the grow demand for it Rental Tools Services . that mean invest in new technology for it global rental business , which have high return and quick cash payback . it also see opportunity to leverage it U.S. Rental Tools infrastructure and it international success encase run service to grow it emerge U.S. well service business . with respect to drilling service , it continue to evaluate and win opportunity to expand it global O&M service offering , such as recent win offshore California and offshore Canada . as condition improve in market where it have Parker - own asset , it be position it rig fleet to earn new contract and reactivate efficiently . long term , it know Parker have the necessary infrastructure , talented employee base and expertise in place to be a natural consolidator and to pursue both organic and inorganic investment opportunity . it be committed to be discipline in evaluate opportunity and will prioritize the high return prospect . however , achieve this vision for the future require material investment , investment in reactivating and upgrade rig , expand and upgrade it rental tool fleet , further leverage it global platform to improve scale and expand market share and enable revenue pull - through opportunity across business and region . at the same time , it also remain cautious over the near term give the continue uncertainty in the global macro environment . and the material it present show that it do not expect the recovery to be uniform across it business and region . for that reason , it need to maintain the flexibility to strategically invest in near - term growth opportunity , while position Parker for the long term . it believe , both it drilling and rental business and know the complementary nature of both create revenue pull - through opportunity and service a natural hedge in most industry cycle . as it know , it current capital structure include $ 585 million in total debt with maturity in 2020 and 2022 . the financial projection it provide to the shareholder anticipate that this debt will continue to significantly constrain Parker ’s ability to invest in the business and capture some of the opportunity it have describe . for that reason , it continue to engage in active discussion with a number of stakeholder in an effort to build great financial flexibility , put it on a path to execute it strategy , achieve it vision and create long - term value for the company . so the material that be disclose today , make it clear , that Parker have many of the piece in place to be a lead provider of drilling and rental service in the long - term - and many near - term opportunity to increase value for it stakeholder . however , some macroeconomic uncertainty remain and it current capital structure will not allow it to invest in many of these near- term and long -term opportunity . therefore , it continue to evaluate option to create the financial flexibility it need to execute both organic and inorganic investment in a recover industry . it be continue to work with several stakeholder and importantly , it still have significant liquidity as it work toward a solution . in closing , it would like to , again ,  it employee for it focus and unwavering dedication to it customer . it be extremely proud of it effort as a company to develop innovative , reliable and efficient way to help it customer safely manage it cost and mitigate operating risk . that conclude it comment , operator . it be ready to take question from the audience . question - and - answer session great ,  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question be from Vivek Pal from Seaport Global . please go ahead . yes . hi , guy  . be it go to make the next coupon or it need to do something before the next interest payment ?  , Vivek , this be Mike . yes , it next coupon payment be in January and February of next year . nothing stop it at this moment from continue to make those payment . and it mention it have approach it large shareholder . have it approach the bond holder , because it seem like it be go to need it before the shareholder , right ? it mean , in order to , kind of , restructure the debt ? or it be the same investor , so it do not matter ? those be detailed matter that it be really not go to get into on this phone call . it appreciate the question , but it be just go to stay with it have engage other stakeholder and continue to have discussion . all right , it will go back in the line .  it . it next question be from Walt Chancellor from Macquarie . please go ahead . Walt Chancellor hey ,  . Gary , it guess , just to focus on some of the near - term operational outlook and the material it publish there this morning , it show some optimism in near - term contracting for both Mexico and Kazakhstan . just curious , what be it see in those market , tender ? and how it feel about those opportunity ? well , it certainly feel that Kazakhstan , it have get two rig up now and it will be work for the full fourth quarter , which it be not both work in the third quarter for the full quarter – it mean , yes , third quarter for the full quarter . and in Mexico , it also see some project that represent some promise and increase for it on both the rig as well as the Rental Tools side . Walt Chancellor okay . and then to flip to Kurdistan , two rig work there . it know it ’ be a tough market , but it still have one idle . it seem like it be see a bit of a push in production in export side of the region , see some long - stand intractable issue there . what ’ the outlook on that market ? do it think it be achievable to it that the rig contract in 2019 or 2020 ? it do see the opportunity there as well as further rig to go to work in Kazakhstan , as the market continue to pick up . it have mention that it have get these tender that it be continue to respond to and it be optimistic about it opportunity for both Kurdistan and Kazakhstan . Walt Chancellor okay . and then just one for Mike on the G&A outlook . it know it mention elevated , do that mean flat relative to Q3 ? and then , how long be those extra - professional fee go to keep linger on that line ? yes , the last question be a good one and it will just depend on how long it continue to evaluate the various option that it be look at . it would hope rather soon it would come to some conclusion , but it be still work through that . it have not give specific guidance on G&A into the fourth quarter only that it will continue to remain at elevated level . a lot of that will just depend on the activity that it have in the particular quarter , as it be look at these option . so it wish it could give it a little bit well guidance , but at the moment , it can not give it anything more specific than that . Walt Chancellor okay , fair enough . it will hand over and recruit ,  . it next question be from Daniel Burke from Johnson Rice & Company . please go ahead . yes , guy . it just have a single question leave . Could it address the – U.S. Rentals continue to do well , but could it address the payback period it think it be achieve on it U.S. Rentals investment ? no , it do not want to get into too specific on it , Daniel but , let it say , that it ’s definitely under two - year time frame . okay , all right . well , that ’ good to hear . and it do not know if it weigh into this one , but any consideration of contemplate a more restrained capital program into 2020 ? well , it constantly look at the capital program in light of what it resource be and the market as well . so – but it will not give any guidance on 2019 nor 2020 at this point . and it will just leave it at that . 