during the first quarter , it produce 6.1 Bcfe or approximately 68 million cubic foot of gas equivalent per day . the 68 million cubic foot equivalent per day be comprise of approximately 51 million cubic foot of gas , 1,100 barrel of oil and 1,700 barrel of ngl . on January 31 , 2018 , it sell it Gulf of Mexico property , which contribute approximately 5 million cubic foot equivalent per day to the first quarter volume . it production profile reduce result of the sale , it do however eliminate approximately $ 35 million of an undiscounted abandonment liability from it long - term obligation . it expect to receive a refund of approximately $ 11 million in cash relate to a depository account that serve to collateralize a portion of it offshore bond . once the buyer replace the bond or accept by the BOEM . but it be unsure of the exact timing of this refund , it expect this to occur during the next 60 day to 90 day . once these fund have be receive , it will contribute $ 3.75 million to the buyer for future abandonment cost . with it Gulf of Mexico divestiture goal now accomplish . it can focus it complete retention on it onshore Cotton Valley and Austin Chalk development program . now turn to it operation where it continue to plan for it initial Austin Chalk well in Pointe Coupee Parish . it be in a permit process in current plan call for it drilling program to commence during the third quarter of 2018 . in addition it be monitor it other industry activity in this reemerge trend and be encourage by the fact at several new large cap company have establish significant leasehold position and be plan near - term drilling program . one of these company , ConocoPhillips recently announce that it acquire over 200,000 acre and it be permit several exploratory well . the company state during the first quarter conference call that it expect to start it drilling program late third quarter early fourth quarter . with the increase interest in the trend , it be consider various partnership that could provide additional liquidity or lower it future drilling capital lease evaluate it acreage position . lastly , quickly touch on East Texas , it be continue to evaluate various joint venture structure in connection with it 2018 Cotton Valley drilling program . since it be actively engage in proper discussion with various party it respectively request it refrain from ask question on this topic during it Q&A. with that , it would like to turn it over to bond to go through it financial result . all right .  , Charlie . as it be sure , most of it see yesterday , it begin trade on the OTC market under the ticker PQUE . this move as a result of compliance action take by the New York Stock Exchange , relative to it market cap cross below the $ 15 million requirement . as some of it may remember over the last couple of year , it have secure two other NYSE compliance notification and it be evaluate what option it may have on this particular issue . look at CapEx for the quarter , it invest about $ 4.5 million , which be net of $ 2.3 million in proceed that it receive from the final buy - in payment relative to it initial Cotton Valley joint venture . the break out of capital for the quarter be approximately $ 2.7 million of direct CapEx and $ 1.8 million of capitalize overhead and interest . the bulk of the CapEx during the quarter from a direct basis be attributable to the recompletion that it perform on it last two Cotton Valley well , which it announce earlier in the first quarter . with the exact restart timing of it East Texas drilling program currently unknown , right now it be go to hold off on provide full year guidance at this time . it do expect that over the second quarter that it CapEx would be flat or slightly down compare to the spending that it have during the first quarter . once it know it plan , it will be able to inform the market about it 2018 capital budget once all the work be finalize . turn to expense for the first quarter , LOE total about $ 7 million or $ 1.15 per Mcfe , that be slightly above it guidance range due primarily to high than expect cost associate with it Gulf of Mexico property during the month of January . regard down to $ 1.05 to $ 1.15 per Mcfe for the second quarter , to account for that Gulf of Mexico divestiture , as those property carry a high LOE burden relative to it exist onshore asset . the sale expect to be very beneficial to it lift cost on a go forward basis . G&A for the first quarter total $ 3.3 million , which be slightly below it guidance range . for the second quarter , it be guide to $ 3.5 million to $ 3.9 million for G&A , which include some limited non - cash stock comp cost . interest expense during the first quarter total $ 7.5 million , which be within it range . for the second quarter , it be guide interest expense to $ 7.6 million to $ 7.8 million . as many of it know , in February , it exercise the final PIK option under it 2021 PIK note . and so the interest payment in August of 2008 will revert back to 10 % cash . finally on the hedging front , it have 250 barrel per day hedge for 2018 at $ 55 per barrel , after the exploration of it first quarter gas hedge , it be currently unhedged on the gas side for the remainder of 2018 . however , it look for opportunity to build it gas book for 2018 and slightly beyond that as it get pass the current shoulder season and into the summer . with that , it will turn it back to Charlie to wrap up . Charles Goodson  it . it have temporarily pass the drilling program , it be an outstanding still . it be currently actively engage in discussion with potential joint venture partner in Cotton Valley , focus effort on reduce cost and improve efficiency in a finalizing the step necessary despite it initial Austin Chalk well in the third quarter . precise the execution on all of these item be essentially rebuild it production profile and drive future value and for it team and be look forward to the back half of this year . with that , turn it back to Matt and it will open up for question . yes . Danielle , it be ready to start the q&a. question - and - answer session it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question come from Ron Mills of Johnson Rice . please go ahead .  Charlie , just on the Austin Chalk , curio if it can provide an update with any other recent industry activity . it know that Eagles Ranch well have be produce for quite a few month now . just curio if it have be get any field report of how that flow back have be go relative to state datum and any new drilling activity or be the industry be in the process of permit lot of well . Charles Goodson well , regard the Eagles Ranch well , it do – be get some intel but since it be not release that information , it would really to like to stay away from talk about it . there be another well that be currently in early stage of flowback that be drill by BlackBrush . it – soon will start get some information fairly quick , it think the fracs be complete last week and drill out and it be fly back now . and there again it know that it be – it talk to other people who be – it have not formally announce plan but be work towards get well drill . so it will look at – there be go to be a very active 2019 and in the trend there will be certainly be thing that will start in the second half , to the towards the more towards the end of the third quarter , early fourth quarter of 2018 . okay , and can it provide a little color in term of what have happen from a leasing standpoint . it know Conoco talk about it that it mention , EOG have be more to the west of it with BlackBrush kind of to the north . how be the leasing go relative – as it look to the Eastern and Southeast and be it become a donut hole in some of the big company acreage . Charles Goodson well . as it move it be very positioned in point of where it – there be a lot of control and lot of really good type of porosity well that it have see as – that be the reason it focus in that area . it have cross the river into West Louisiana and further to the East , certainly it hear that certainly Conoco continue to be active , the EOG and then there be another company that be not announce anything that it will refrain to discussion it be active in Livingston Parish . so the trend continuous on further to the east and talk to people that be knowledgeable that it be actually people who be lease up into Wilkinson county Mississippi . so it mean the size and scope with this thing be very large as it have talk about it have say south be a low productive self edge for specific reason but it be clearly other company , several very large company that be lease north of that – directly north of it . and again , that company have not announce anything . so it be go to refrain to really talk about who it be , but safe to say everybody out there be still well than it be and it ’ amazing to see how quick one well have really spurn this activity to this re - embark trend . it know it still set that same 24,000 gross acre position . Charles Goodson okay , great . let it let someone else jump on .  it . Charles Goodson the next question come from John Aschenbeck of Seaport Global . please go ahead . John Aschenbeck hey  and  for take it question . it first question here be just a follow - up on Austin Chalk in term of it test here . it think originally it guy have talk kind of loosely about the timing of that test be in the second quarter some time and now it sound like it ’ get push out just a little bit to the third quarter . so it be hope it could possibly expand a little bit on that decision , be it guy just simply wait for a little more time to perhaps get some more industry result , or be there perhaps other factor drive that decision ? Charles Goodson no , it be not wait on industry result it ’ really more focused on have to dissolve unit and then reestablish unit in the area , tidal work , thing like that . these be maybe a high jump the gun little bit on that it be not really aware how much of this have to be do before . it ’ be awhile since it have really be active in drill with a lot of Houston and thing like that and a trend like this in Louisiana . and so it be certainly – there be it would love to see other issue activity , but it have now move on to where it know it project very well , it have get pretty much all the information , it be trade for some additional [ indiscernible ] information from it exist well , it will be helpful . but it really be comfortable with what it have see geologically , geo physically , engineer wise from well that be in and around where it drill . and so it be really kind of on it own timeframe as oppose to wait on other . John Aschenbeck okay , get it . that be helpful , it appreciate that . and then it second question be just a follow - up on liquidity in general . it seem like it guy have quite a few option here to potentially boost it position and Charlie and Bond it guy kind of – it both hint at some of these in it prepare remark whether it be the BOEM refine or explore option for partnership in the Austin Chalk . so it guess what it be try to really get a feel for be just kind of bring those all together and get a feel for it guy comfort around liquidity currently and then – and with that the option it have to expand that position ? yes hey John this be Bond . it mean certainly it have get the $ 20 million available in it term loan currently out there . it have get as it talk about roughly net of what it have to pay to the buyer for the Gulf of Mexico asset , just call it $ 8 million to $ 9 million of cash that it would expect to come in , in the next 60 to 90 day . although it will tell it be very uncertain as to the exact timing just because it be deal with a lot of government bureaucracy relative to get these bond release . so that be sort of an uncertainty there . and then obviously , anything that it be able to bring forward relative to a joint venture not only on the Chalk , but also in the Cotton Valley could provide some upfront capital and a disproportionate cost sharing arrangement , which would be favorable for get well drill . so those be kind of the pillar of the liquidity position that it have today . do it have any follow - up on that ? John Aschenbeck no , no that be that be exactly what it be look for Bond . it appreciate the detail and that be it for it . all right , John . the next question come from Richard Tullis of Capital One Securities . please go ahead . hey  ,  . Charlie when it look at that first Austin Chalk well , what be it well cost expectation for that when give the current environment ? and say on a go - forward basis , what – could it get well cost down to use the same current environment ? Charles Goodson well , it think it be look at probably somewhere in the range of $ 9 million to $ 10 million , it be probably not go to meet the core of the well because of access to other downhaul information . and then once it have that first well down drill , it feel like it can bring this cost down to let it just say $ 7.5 million . and so with that , it be very comfortable that the economic of this trend will work very well . assume success there , what sort of pace do it think it may go at over the subsequent say six , nine , 12 month on a drilling basis in the Austin Chalk ? Charles Goodson well , it think it have see how it have approach these resource play , whether it in the Cotton Valley or in the Woodford , early along the first 10 well or so – it certainly want to learn a lot . and so it would say , it drill the first well and it let it produce for probably four to six month to see what the decline rate be in it first project area . it be net to it , around 7,500 acre , so there be room there for 20 to 40 well which in and it be significant development program , where these tend to cross , yet on the other side it provide a huge amount of production . so it be start to look at what ’ it long - term production rate , what ’ it long - term salt water rate and just takeaway thing like that . it would say at a minimum , drill the first well complete it and then basically try to focus on start the second well within six month .  it . that ’ helpful . and just lastly for it , Charlie , look at the exist DrillCo JV in the Cotton Valley , what remain commitment be there relate to that ? Charles Goodson well , it basically – when it get into that , it think it have like 6,500 acre for that partner in 47 location , it have now it be up to close to 9,000 acre with it partner in 47 location , if it back nine out of that , let it be 39 but it have increase that location count across the success of those well in 92 location . so those partner in PetroQuest together have approximately 92 well to drill on that joint venture acreage at this point in time . okay .  so much . appreciate it . Charles Goodson  Richard . the next question come from Anthony Marchese [ ph ] . please go ahead . Unidentified Analyst hi ,  , guy .  for take the question . be there anything that would prevent at this point insider from buy stock in the open market , it mean the stock be trade obviously at a 52-week well , $ 14 million market cap , it would certainly send a vote of confidence of the market if it see something in the way of insider buying ? it will take that question , that ’ an obvious question , people always tend to ask unfortunately when it be on this side of the table , there be a lot of thing it know , and it ’ always very difficult to do that . over the year it have buy a lot of stock in this company , and it ’ a – but that ’ an individual decision that it as investor have to make , it have a lot of concentration . so it think that ’ really more of an individual decision to make as oppose to try to go out and make a statement in the market . so it think that ’ why it be sure . Unidentified Analyst all right ,  it . and it have a follow - up question of Ron Mills of Johnson Rice . Charlie , do it – in it response to Richard talk about have 7,500 net acre off of the 24000 , 25000 gross or be that just in the direct vicinity of where it be go to drove it first well ? Charles Goodson yes , that ’ in the first project area . it have four project area that each be net to it somewhere around 6,000 to 8,000 acre . so each of those area it look at as 20 to 40 and maybe more well to drill , where it can operate and control the density . so first it be go to – it be plan on drilling or at least it be target right now be around that 7,500 acre . and it be look at unit size of around 1,600 to 1,800 acre and with multiple well in those unit . so it ’ obviously that it be a very large project for PetroQuest and obviously it be very excited about it . and so be it still at plus or minus that 24,000 , 25,000 acre ? have it build it ? it mean , it be just try to get a sense as to what ’ happen with , of course , the past three month ? Charles Goodson that ’ where it be right now . it basically have the ability to pick up through trade and through additional cleanup operation . still more acreage out there , but at this point in time these be relatively short - term lease , three - year for the kicker or four year . and so there ’ not really a large desire to plan a lot more capital in this when it have to . so it think that it will , as it have say , control it density in those four area , and that ’ goal number one for it right now . 