as it continue to be in this period that be fully come to an end where the independent committee be evaluate it offer , obviously it team , it employee have continue to focus on the business , as evidence by the execute [ ph ] of revenue of consensus estimate which be not [ inaudible ] give the continued headwind , as all of it know , it derive a majority of it revenue from overseas . it be report revenue also while maintain a nice increase in it partnership revenue , do not include the innovation [ ph ] revenue from it [ inaudible ] of it three large brand partner where it continue to believe it be more appropriate to recognize it revenue closer to the event that it support . it will be glad to answer question about it offer and the process , but suffice it to say that it remain 100 % committed to provide this offer , which be not subject to financing , and it be get very close with the committee who be ask to follow the following procedure . it have to complete the acquisition agreement and all it material term before focus on a response to the price . it intend that that conversation will actually take place this week , and absent any significant disconnect , should be report [ inaudible ] by early next week , which will be exciting for it , it employee and for it it shareholder . and then to the specific , it be go to ask Rich Rosenstein , it cfo , to go through the specific number . Rich Rosenstein  it , Bob . it will now review it financial result for the first quarter . this morning 's release include the GAAP financial to it [ inaudible ] here . as an acquisitive and grow company , it believe adjust pro forma comparison , as if it would own all of the business that now comprise it platform for both period , and adjust for one - time or extraordinary item be the good measure of it progress . on a pro forma basis , revenue for the quarter be $ 52.2 million , up 15 % over the $ 45.5 million in pro forma revenue in the first quarter of 2014 . and on a constant currency basis , it pro forma revenue grow 26 % in the quarter . as it know , it generate revenue in Europe , South America and Australia , and as it indicate last quarter when it discuss it 2015 outlook , the impact of a strong U.S. dollar affect it report result , largely owing to the FX translation . Pro forma EBITDA come in at a loss of $ 10.6 million versus the loss of $ 8.2 million a year ago . note that the first quarter be a seasonally slow period for SFX 's live business and the successful launch of the Beatport streaming service and mobile platform do not come until late in the quarter . as a result , it have the impact of overhead in the quarter with a low level of operate contribution to support it . it would also note that it revenue in the quarter come in slightly high than consensus estimate of just below $ 50 million in revenue , while EBITDA be about $ 2 million short of the consensus EBITDA estimate for the quarter , mostly due to the timing of plan overhead saving and a shift in the modest amount of sponsorship revenue to later quarter . it pro forma ebitda result reflect a few adjustment , largely around one - time item such as transaction and litigation cost . there be also an adjustment to remove the impact of duplicate audit fee in the period as it recently switch accounting firm . as it know , SFX have be an acquisitive company and it professional service fee have be quite high for the past two year . while it enjoy a great relationship with it prior audit firm , there be compelling cost saving available to it with the change . with the platform now largely establish and with considerably less acquisition activity , it have also identify other area for cost reduction , largely in corporate and platform overhead . thus far , the identify saving total in excess of $ 5 million on an annualize basis , and it will see the impact of that in the come quarter . in the quarter it hold a total of 12 festival . of these , seven be own and five be license . five of the own festival be hold both last year in the first quarter and again this year . attendance at these same festival be up 1 % and revenue be up 1 % on a constant currency basis . and it be plan to hold nearly 100 festival this year , with the bulk of licensing activity , begin late in the second and into the third quarter . as festival and event schedule today [ ph ] have an estimate attendance capacity of 6 million fan , it represent significant growth compare to 2014 . in it platform segment , as Bob mention and Greg will discuss further , it launch it Beatport streaming service during the quarter , and towards the end of the quarter it launch it mobile service . T - Mobile be the first charter partner of it streaming service and it expect it to be join by other in the U.S. and around the world . as it launch it consumer service , there be a decline in download revenue . while not inconsistent with broad trend around the download market overall , it believe the launch of the consumer business also have an impact on download , and after some fine - tuning of the two , have see the beginning of a rebound in download activity . in term of marketing partnership , it recognize $ 13.6 million of marketing partner and sponsorship revenue during the quarter , spread across it live and platform business . over the remainder of 2015 , it expect marketing partner contribution to ramp , both with festival activity and related activation , and as Beatport continue to grow throughout the year . this expectation be base solely on the agreement announce to date . it continue to expand it exist relationship and add new one as well . in term of outlook , as Greg will discuss in a moment , the Rock in Rio show in Las Vegas begin last weekend and ticket sale be below expectation , although it be quite pleased with the introduction of the brand in the U.S. and the promise it hold for growth over the next few year . while it have a minority stake in the show and will reflect it proportionate share of the startup loss in the quarter . relative to it early expectation , this impact be expect to approximate $ 4 million to $ 5 million in EBITDA to it , which reduce the range of it full year guidance to $ 55 million to $ 65 million in EBITDA from $ 60 million to $ 70 million previously . it also announce the full year revenue be approximate $ 500 million , while the initial guidance contemplate a figure in excess of $ 500 million . this be mostly a reflection of the mix of show it control while it recognize gross revenue , and those it do not will be recognize in net result . there be no impact of EBITDA relate to this mix . from a balance sheet and liquidity standpoint , it end the quarter be $ 46 million in cash . cash from operation roughly approximate it EBITDA loss in the quarter , and it have it interest payment during the quarter as well . from a seasonality standpoint , the beginning of the year tend to be the low point of cash , so it draw approximately $ 6 million on it revolver in the first quarter . it expect cash contribution from operation as EBITDA ramp in the third and fourth quarter . with that , it will turn it over to Greg for a review of the operation . Greg ?  , Rich . and it be pleased to have the opportunity to update everyone on it progress on several front during the quarter . 2015 mark the turning point for the business . as Rich mention , it be move beyond it initial consolidation and roll - up phase , but it pool together the lead business in it space around the world . it team be work hard to implement new structure and strategy to create the most value for it brand and operationalize a global electronic culture platform that operate 365 day per year . in addition to manage it core live event business , it spend the quarter focus across the organization on develop operational efficiency , fill gap in the organization where need to achieve it goal , and eliminate redundant activity , make sure that all of it subsidiary business globally have access to the resource that come with be part of a global group of company . it have have a busy quarter in all facet of it business . it look at the business principally across live , Beatport and brand sponsor , and it would like to touch on each . start with live . during the quarter it produce and promote a total of 251 festival and event , which attract over 751,000 total attendee , include 12 festival that each have a capacity of over 10,000 . significantly , it announce a series of new show from across it portfolio which will debut in 2015 , and each of which will play a role in it overall strategy . these include the world 's large paint party Life & Color announce it first ever global tour , visit 100 city and 60 country , include Brazil , Turkey , Argentina and Indonesia . ten day ago , Tomorrowland debut in Brazil and welcome over 180,000 attendee for a weekend with some of the most renowned electronic music artist . Brazil mark the third market in the expansion of the Tomorrowland brand , and base on what it already know about the market for EMC in Brazil , along with the turnout and enthusiasm surround the festival , it believe this can be an excellent growth market for several area of it business move forward . also this month , the first edition of Electric Zoo Tokyo Beach take place during Japan 's Golden Week holiday , with over 15,000 attendee . this be a great event and mark it initial entry into the japanese festival market , and another market it believe have strong potential to unlock value across it entire platform . Rock in Rio debut , as Rich mention , in U.S. for the first time in Las Vegas this past weekend . a second weekend in Las Vegas be play for May 15 and 16 , and the flagship Rock in Rio Brazil be schedule for September . on May 30th , all the event in the Netherlands will bring 10 top dutch dj to the first - ever edition of the Flying Dutch , an outdoor festival simultaneously occur at three location . all three venue be sell out , with expect attendance of up to 100,000 fan . in September , ID&T will break fresh ground with one Tribe , a new camping festival in the United States . the festival will take place in Southern California , at the Lake Perris State Recreation Area . Mysteryland Netherlands , the world 's longest - run electronic music and art festival expand the weekend festival with camping available for the first time . Mysteryland USA return in Memorial Day to Bethel Woods , New York with more than double the camping capacity follow the successful inaugural event in 2014 . and finally , Monumental , the company behind the iconic techno brand Awakenings , will bring the Awakenings brand to New York , L.A. and Sao Paulo to be part of EZOO , one Tribe and Tomorrowland . in addition the calculated experience of it live event brand and franchise , it be hard at develop it ticket business to streamline operation and to become a broad e - commerce platform . it expect to be able to share more information about these plan in subsequent quarter , but it be very excited about the various way it can monetize the ticket buy experience beyond the ticket purchase for fan attend it festival and those of it ticket client as well . turn to Beatport . the quarter mark several new development in the evolution of the Beatport brand . it launch the Beatport streaming service on web and mobile app , it begin the expansion of the Beatport content offering , and launch it live event streaming product for dj and festival call Beatport Live , where any dj can broadcast it 24/7 365 day a year . under the Beatport brand it be now operate a multi - faceted platform that sell music at Beatport Pro , stream music at Beatport.com and mobile app , and include video and editorial content offering of Beatport Live and the Buzz , it EMC focus news property . it be continue to add content to the streaming service weekly , along with new functionality . it will see a number of innovation to the streaming service as the year progress , and it look forward to update it throughout the year . also , it be now work on international rollout plan for localized version of Beatport streaming , Beatport Live and Beatport news in key local market where it have local operation in place . as the foundation of SFX broad digital strategy , Beatport be emerge as the focal point for all EMC brand , serve as a powerful tool for promotion , integration and connectivity with emc fan , artist and label . it be only just begin to bring the value of this platform to market , and brand be take notice . as Rich mention , Beatport and T - Mobile announce detail in February of it charter partnership in connection with the Beatport streaming service , a collaboration that provide for exclusive benefit for T - Mobile subscriber such as datum for usage of the Beatport service , curated playlist select by T - Mobile , and advanced ticket access to sfx event offering . it third major focus be in brand partnership and sale . it be very focused on drive new non - ticketing revenue from brand through strategic partnership , event and Beatport sponsorship , and medium sale , while evolve the Beatport brand from what have be know as a store for electronic music to a global EMC medium platform that include e - commerce , stream music , live video streaming , and on - demand video , all focus on capture the explosive growth of electronic music culture globally 365 day a year . it begin the quarter significantly upgrade it non - ticketing revenue operation and capability through a strategic partnership with [ inaudible ] . that transaction provide SFX with a national infrastructure of seller , revenue operation and account management that would have take it month to put in place . it do so as it be prepare to launch the new Beatport during the quarter , both streaming and the Buzz site , so it feel the timing be right to invest in this infrastructure . the team be now very active in the market with brand partner and agency , sell sponsorship activation for a lot of event [ ph ] brand and digital engagement through Beatport , include it newly create digital content offering . just last week it participate in [ inaudible ] in New York where it introduce it digital content offering to the brand community . it will be talk more about these initiative in Q2 . internally , the team have provide it with much need infrastructure cost sale , account management and operation that will allow it to better monetize it asset , while give it broad coverage in the market . in addition to T - Mobile , as previously report in 2014 , SFX enter to foundational relationship with prominent brand include Anheuser - Busch InBev , Corona , Skol , MasterCard , iHeartMedia , viagogo and MTV . it have have great success in highlight the new value it can bring to prominent world - class brand and exist partner . as a result , it be in the process of expand scope of certain strategic sponsorship agreement previously announce , and be work on several new relationship as well . it would emphasize again the recur element of the business plan it be execute . emc fan , many of whom be millennial , connect with it content at live event , but that be just one step on how fan continue to stay connected with the culture . many will visit it site and access content and video for week or month , lead up to a live event . it attend an event and many even access our or it partner site while at it event . and it will continue to visit it site and view it movie and other uniquely create content for month follow that event . million of people will stream it event live on the web . and for the million who never attend an event , it now have a destination to experience and engage in the culture every day of the year . it believe there be significant untapped opportunity in this ongoing engagement with it fan for SFX and it partner . have establish a vertically integrate end - to - end platform for emc trance , it also bring great cohesion to the organization across the board , make certain that every company , every individual know the breadth of it capability and it specific corporate goal and objective . there be tremendous economic potential in it model that it be just now begin to achieve as a result of the scale of it platform which be back by professional management and good practice , and an ongoing effort throughout 2015 to streamline it operation for efficiency . it operational progress , brand marketing relationship , new event and relaunche Beatport represent the future of SFX . that say , it represent the foundational work and expense but not the revenue and financial benefit to be have from everything it have invest in and have establish . it be look forward to 2015 and beyond and to continue to provide update along the way as believe it financial result will more accurately reflect the true EBITDA power of it platform . with that , it would like to hand it back off to Bob for further remark . let it just go right into question , Greg . okay . open up the question please . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it first question come from the line of Ben Mogil from Stifel Nicolaus . it line be open . please go ahead . Ben Mogil – Stifel Nicolaus hi ,  , and  it for take it question . just have two of it . in term of the guidance that it would give , be it still assume that it be at par or be it use sort of more current exchange rate ? and then secondly , in term of Rock in Rio , be it sort of begin to think that some of these transplant event that play very well abroad , but when it move in here it take a little bit more marketing support than originally think ?  it very much . Rich Rosenstein on the first question about exchange rate , it be assume current exchange rate . and on the second [ inaudible ] into the U.S. and do not meet expectation . both of it [ inaudible ] non - U.S. property and it think both of it will tell it it do not rely on it sufficiently . so it think that first of all reason be that there be many other example like Q - Dance , Mysteryland , et cetera , where attendance be well - handle and achieve because it be market by the U.S. team . that helpful , Ben ?  it . it next question come from the line of Shields Day from Regiment Capital . it line be open . please go ahead . Shields Day - Regiment capital hey guy . just a question , it mention that it change the accounting firm . it know in the past it previous accounting firm force it to expense a lot of item that otherwise it could capitalize . it guess it question be , go forward , be that still go to be the case ? and it guess along those same line , it wonder if it could just comment on how many expense in the most recent quarter would it say be -- may otherwise have be capitalize , so it can get a sense for what EBITDA may have be exclusive of the one - time investment it make ? Rich Rosenstein  , Shields . it have have no issue at all with it accounting firm in the past . it have never feel force to do anything . everything it book be in it number and it have expense thing that should be expense , and where appropriate it have capitalize item , and to revenue recognition as appropriate , it have never have an issue with it accounting firm . and it change have absolutely nothing to do with that , and it would expect no change in the policy go forward , and this be purely drive by cost . and as it can see in it disclosure , it have spend an enormous amount of money on professional service fee , around acquisition activity , around audits , valuation work , et cetera . so this be purely drive by cost , absolutely nothing to do with the accounting policy or treatment . it think what it may be refer to be a differing of opinion in the beginning about revenue recognition relate to marketing partner . and that be not an accounting policy at all . it have reject [ ph ] this approach and it will see in subsequent quarter that recognition , which start that , base from the $ 13 million plus in the first quarter , will catch up in subsequent quarter . [ Operator Instructions ] and it do have a follow - up question from the line of Shields Day from Regiment Capital . please go ahead . Shields Day - Regiment capital  guy . one other one . it notice in the quarter that same - store attendance at some of the festival it have have last year and this year be about just over 1 % , in the past it have be a little bit high . Can it just comment on why that may have be low than maybe what it have see in previous quarter ? just that , shield , it think it be a seasonally slow period , and so it be get to about 100 festival this year , and it think there be only five that be [ inaudible ] last year in the first quarter and this year in the first quarter . these be not what it would describe in any way as major festival . the only major festival in the quarter -- or actually it think it may have be in April that it have [ inaudible ] but actually , a not insignificant increase . but it will see the comparison in the second and third quarter will be substantially high . as Greg mention , many of the event be already sell out . do it have any other question ? [ Operator Instructions ] great . it be assume that there be no further question . so let it just wrap up by say that , whereas it support it offer it , that there have be a fair amount of inbound call [ ph ] seek to participate with it . and this [ inaudible ] process will not in any rate delay the execution of that agreement , assume the Special Committee agree on price , which it be quite optimistic it will . and it do not know -- it just [ inaudible ] it plan to do a call when the agreement be sign . but it will certainly notify people and it and the Company will be available to discuss that . it have agree , as it know , to [ inaudible ] as well as to let current shareholder participate with it on whatever the final price turn out to be . so both it and the Company will certainly be available to discuss that . be candid or not -- yeah . and it be remind that , if an offer do come in at a price that it be not willing to pay , it will not object to that . it will support that . with that , it  it and this very well may be -- not , definitely -- but it may be it last conference call . so if it be , appreciate it support . and as Yogi Berra [ inaudible ] say , " it be not over ' til it be over . "  everyone . 