while it have remain focused on it strategic transformation , this be an ongoing process , and there be still more work to be do . it be concentrate on continue it operational momentum and strengthen it financial position , with the goal of successfully transform it business and return to profitability . before it discuss progress on it transformation in more detail , let it turn to slide 5 to review key year - over - year financial performance measure . during the quarter , it report a net loss attributable to holding ' shareholder of $ 424 million in 2018 compare to net income attributable to holding ' shareholder of $ 245 million in 2017 . the prior year first quarter include a gain of $ 492 million that be recognize in conjunction with the sale of the Craftsman brand . total revenue be $ 2.9 billion in the first quarter of 2018 compare to $ 4.2 billion in the corresponding quarter last year . strategic store closure , which occur as a result of it focus on right - size it store base , contribute to nearly two third of the decline in total revenue . move forward , it will continue to focus on it good store , which remain a critical component of it transformation strategy as it shift to a member - centric integrate retail model . total comparable store sale decline 11.9 % during the first quarter . Kmart comparable store sale decrease 9.5 % , and Sears comparable store sale decline 13.4 % . the Company do however experience positive comparable store sale in several category , include apparel , footwear and jewelry , at both Sears and Kmart store . selling and administrative expense decline by $ 315 million during the first quarter compare to the prior year as a result of restructuring initiative take in 2017 and the action take in 2018 associate with it previously announce $ 200 million cost saving initiative . as it have state before , it top priority be successfully execute it transformation to return to profitability and remain a competitive retailer for year to come . while it have a challenging first quarter , it remain focused on improve it financial performance and enhance it liquidity , both of which be critical to it long - term success . it transformation strategy be design to make Sears Holdings a new kind of retailer , one that be innovative , truly integrate , and optimally position to meet the need and preference of today 's shopper . as it work to achieve this goal , it will continue to explore creative way to unlock the full potential of it company 's asset , include through game - change partnership . now let it discuss the financial and operational progress on it transformation . move to slide 6 , it take a number of important proactive step in the first quarter of 2018 to address it capital structure , enhance it liquidity position and provide the company with additional financial flexibility as it continue to execute on it strategic transformation . as previously announce , it complete private exchange offer for it outstanding 8 % senior unsecured note due 2019 and 6.625 % senior secure note due 2018 to improve the term of it non - first lien debt . the completion of these exchange offer , along with the amendment to other exist debt agreement , will reduce quarterly cash interest expense and extend the maturity date . during the first quarter of 2018 , it also repay $ 300 million on it term loan due in 2019 . in addition , to further strengthen it balance sheet and improve it capital structure , it execute an agreement with a third - party insurance company in which the insurance company assume certain holding ' insurance liability in exchange for $ 206 million . as a result , it be able to reduce approximately $ 254 million of letter of credit outstanding that have be previously require to support the insurance liability . it be able to enhance it liquidity through a series of other transaction complete in the first quarter . it raise nearly $ 710 million in financing in the first quarter of 2018 under the secured and mezzanine loan facility and the FILO loan . the Company contribute $ 282 million of the proceed from the secured and mezzanine loan to the Sears pension plan and deposit $ 125 million in an escrow account for the benefit of those pension plan . in addition , it recently announce that it enter into an agreement with Citi Retail Services for a long - term extension of it 15-year co - brand and private label credit card relationship along with long - term marketing arrangement that include ongoing enhancement to the shop it Way Mastercard reward program . Citibank pay the Company $ 425 million in conjunction with the extension . as always , it continue to evaluate strategic option across it portfolio to unlock value from it asset , brand , and business . in the first quarter , it raise nearly $ 290 million of proceed from real estate sale , with the majority use to pay down it real estate - back loan . while it be pleased with the progress of it capital structure initiative , it be continuously explore additional opportunity to further streamline operation and adjust inventory and operating expense . as it say earlier , it store be and will remain a critical component of it transformation . but to best meet it member ' evolve need and to drive profitability , it will need to continue to right - size it store base and focus on it good store , include it new small store format . to that end , one of the difficult but necessary action it will be take be to close additional non - profitable Sears and Kmart store , as indicate in it earning release . these store be expect to close by the end of the third quarter . continue to evaluate it store network and other initiative will allow it to optimize it cost structure and enhance it liquidity , while stay focus on it good member , good category , and good store . turn to slide 7 , it will provide more detail around the progress it have make on it operation . it shop it way membership program and Integrated Retail Strategy remain key priority for it , and it goal be to continue to enhance it member ' in - store and online shopping experience . to that end , it continue to look for new way to leverage it shop it way ecosystem to drive improvement in value for it member and to increase the frequency and amount of it engagement . in the first quarter , it have be able to improve member engagement through more personalized Shop it way point award and the expansion of it FREECASH incentive program for it good member . it continue to provide member use the Shop it way 5 - 3 - 2 - 1 Mastercard with everyday value by expand usage across the gas , dining , and grocery category . notably , it launch three new shop it way ecosystem partnership that meet key need for it member . with Truxx , it ensure that it member with local moving or transportation need always have a buddy with a truck available within minute . amid rise gas price , it platform integration with GasBuddy help it member find the low price and get industry - lead saving on every fill - up . it partnership with fuboTV enable it member to cut the cord on cable and stream it entertainment directly to any of it screen . in addition to launch these strategic partnership in the first quarter , it expand it LEASE IT program to become the only national full - service retailer to offer a full assortment of product to lease both online and in - store , and expand it exclusive apparel line with celebrity brand icon Jaclyn Smith . as it continue to transform into a truly member - centric organization , it will look for new and innovative way to better serve it member and offer it industry - lead saving and convenience . in fact , just last week , Citi and the Company announce a long - term extension of it 15-year co - brand and private label credit relationship along with long - term marketing arrangement that include ongoing enhancement to it shop it Way Mastercard reward program . shop it May Mastercard cardholder will now enjoy generous benefit every day that previously be available on a promotional basis . it continue to make it member shopping experience as convenient as possible through a continued and grow emphasis on value - add such as it ' buy Online , pick up in Store ' service as well as it local pick - up and local delivery . as it may know , in the wake of the hurricane , it dedicated associate work hard to reopen it Kmart and Sears store in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in order to serve the impact community . notably , it continue to see strong engagement and business growth in it hurricane - impact market . in Puerto Rico , it open new store and new concept , such as a Sears Home improvement store in Fajardo . it introduce new category , such as Solar and Home Retail , and also scale it Sears Appliances , Mattress , Tools , and Lawn & Garden category across more than 20 Kmart location . it local partnership continue , as Shop it way sponsor a two - game series that take place in Puerto Rico in mid - April between the Cleveland Indians and the Minnesota Twins while it continue it grassroot program , with FEMA Support Centers now establish in several of it store . amid the recovery , it be see engagement , revenue , and margin growth above last year and above plan . subsequent to the end of the quarter , it announce an exciting collaboration with Amazon.com to provide full - service tire installation and balance for customer who purchase any brand of tire , include it DieHard brand , on Amazon.com . this make Sears Auto the first nationwide auto service center to offer Amazon.com customer a convenient ship - to - store tire solution integrate into Amazon 's familiar checkout process . this build on the success of it early launch of Kenmore and DieHard product on Amazon.com , which significantly expand the reach of those brand . during the remainder of 2018 and beyond , it will continue to explore opportunity to unlock the full potential of it asset for it shareholder . this include explore third - party partnership involve several of it business , such as Sears Home Services , Innovel , Kenmore and DieHard , and gain further momentum around it new small store format that blend brick - and - mortar and online experience . it believe these initiative , among other , will help it well position Sears Holdings for the future . move to slide 8 , at the end of the first quarter , it have total liquidity availability of approximately $ 457 million , include availability on it credit facility and availability under it short - term borrowing basket . at May 5 , 2018 , the amount available to borrow under it revolving credit facility be approximately $ 20 million , compare to $ 69 million at the end of the fourth quarter . on a pro forma basis , the amount available to borrow under it revolving credit facility would have be $ 420 million if it take into account the cash it receive from Citi on May 18 under the agreement . there be one more thing it would like to mention before it concluding remark . as it previously announce , a special committee of it Board of Directors have initiate a formal process to explore the sale of the Kenmore brand and related asset , the Sears Home Improvement Products business of the Sears Home Services division , and the PartsDirect business of the Sears Home Services division . as part of it review , the independent special committee continue to evaluate the April 20th letter the company receive from ESL Investments express interest in participate as a purchaser of all or a portion of the aforementioned asset . it do not intend to comment further on the process at this time . so , to conclude today 's call , while the first quarter be challenge , Sears ' leadership continue to work hard each and every day on enhance it financial performance and make progress on it transformation . to extend it runway as it work to transform and position it business to better compete in today 's retail environment , it will continue to take proactive step to strengthen it balance sheet through various capital structure and liquidity initiative . it will also drive improvement in it business while execute it strategy of focus on good member , good category , and good store , and continue to evaluate opportunity to unlock the earning potential of it asset across it portfolio . it remain fully committed to restore Sears Holdings to profitable adjust ebitda in 2018 and to unlock the full potential of it asset for it shareholder . it look forward to report progress on that front . 