it want to begin by review it 2017 accomplishment in what be a very busy and productive year for Windstream as it position the company for the growth opportunity ahead . during the year , it complete the EarthLink and Broadview acquisition , which have give it a meaningful advantage with significant strategic good - of - breed asset such as SD - WAN expertise , and OfficeSuite , Broadview 's UCaaS platform . it develop and launch SD - WAN Concierge , it flagship SD - WAN product offering , as well as OfficeSuite across it entire company footprint . it expand it enterprise contribution margin percentage by 200 basis point sequentially and 160 basis point year - over - year . the company exit 2017 at it high adjusted OIBDAR margin level since prior to the EarthLink acquisition . it deliver it 12th consecutive quarter of consumer ARPU growth in the fourth quarter . it significantly improve the maturity profile of it balance sheet by extend almost $ 2 billion of maturity out an average of more than two year . and it synergy plan remain on schedule , and will continue to ramp in 2018 . in summary , while it admittedly fall shy of it original full year adjust OIBDAR guidance by less than 1 % , it be a successful year for Windstream as it have position the company to be able to take full advantage of the meaningful opportunity in front of it and have improve financial and operating result for almost all metric across the business . two example of this progress be show in it increase penetration of broadband speed and it grow sd - WAN sale . turn to slide 5 . it increase it penetration of speed of 25 meg or great by another 300 basis point sequentially to 24 % . during 2017 , it more than double it penetration level of those high speed tier . by the end of 2018 , it expect the penetration of 25 meg or great speed to be 36 % . in addition , it enable 74,000 home for broadband or fast broadband under the FCC 's Connect America Fund II program during the year , which keep it on or ahead of schedule for all the program 's deadline and goal . grow demand for SD - WAN service continue and represent over 15 % of total enterprise sale during the quarter , a metric that have increase every quarter throughout 2017 . it strategic enterprise sale , which include Unified Communications as a Service , SD - WAN and on - net sale , account for 38.4 % of total enterprise sale in the quarter , up 230 basis point sequentially . by the end of 2018 , it expect approximately 50 % of it enterprise sale to be tie to it strategic product . it want to take this opportunity to personally  all of it employee for it hard work and dedication throughout the past year . as it turn to 2018 , it have be focus on introduce customer to the new Windstream in both it business unit with refreshed brand position . on slide 6 , it highlight it new ILEC Consumer and SMB brand imagery . it continue to see positive impact from it Kinetic premium broadband brand name launch late last year , and the initial response to it launch of DIRECTV on February 1 and DIRECTV now late last year have be quite strong . the Kinetic brand highlight it enhanced broadband and entertainment capability . it can now provide 1 gig solution to approximately 100,000 household and premium speed of 50 meg or high to over 1.3 million household . it also want to share it brand launch for Windstream Enterprise and Windstream Wholesale . it new crisp , differentiated look , as show on slide 7 , highlight it desire to stand out from it competitor . the new brand strategy reflect the transformation that Windstream be undertake in response to demand for the business market for a more robust , innovative network and communication service provider . it be leverage the late technology and a highly agile customer - centric culture to position Windstream as a trust partner to it Enterprise and Wholesale customer . the mission of Windstream Enterprise and Wholesale be to help business customer to connect , transform and elevate . it empower customer across four key IT imperative : provide cloud and connectivity ; elevate the customer experience ; enable employee collaboration ; enhance security and compliance . Windstream have invest significant capital to upgrade it network and product portfolio include meaningful advance in software - define network capability and a new cloud core architecture . it enter 2018 with renew energy and focus and know the great brand must be meet equally with capability and strategy . to advance it strategy in 2018 , it have five key priority as see on slide 8 . first , advance it industry - lead enterprise and wholesale product and service capability . one key component will be the continue sharp focus on it SD - WAN product as well as it unified communication product , OfficeSuite . the ingenuity of OfficeSuite lie in it simplicity , relevant feature and digital approach , and it broad application across it customer base . it will continue to advance it current capability include it security solution and on - net solution as well as it professional service portfolio . it strategic product set with it on - net capability have it well position in the marketplace . second , launch next - generation broadband deployment technique that be fast and more cost effective . it have improve it ability to deploy fast broadband speed more rapidly throughout new and existing technology . this nimble deployment be a must in the competitive broadband environment . it will provide a great customer experience , improve customer retention , and grow market share by continue to increase broadband speed and capacity throughout it footprint . third , further simplify it business and transform customer facing and internal user capability . this begin with it multi - year information technology integration project , which have allow it to more efficiently manage it product catalog , price quoting and order management system , and eliminate duplicative system as well as generate meaningful cost saving . it integration of EarthLink and Broadview remain on schedule . it goal of $ 180 million of annualize synergy by the end of 2019 remain a key driver of it financial objective . fourth , it will drive revenue improvement through enhance sale and improve customer retention in both of it business unit . it ILEC Consumer and SMB business unit remain focused on improve it broadband market flow share , while increase speed and value - add service penetration for each broadband connection , while it Enterprise and Wholesale business be focus on increase it strategic sale , which consist of SD - WAN , UCaaS and it on - net product and service . in addition to it revenue objective , it will continue to aggressively drive it ongoing initiative and network access reduction , automation of process and enhance organizational effectiveness . lastly , it will continue to optimize it balance sheet . over the last several month , it have extend almost $ 2 billion in maturity several year . it realize that investor remain focused on it balance sheet and it will continue to work to opportunistically refinance it nearer - term maturity in 2020 and 2021 . it focus operational strategy for each business segment have the overall objective to grow adjust OIBDAR . and this , in conjunction with it balance sheet management effort , will generate strong financial return for it investor . it be a fundamentally different company today than it be a year ago , and it will continue to evolve . it have transform it business model , create a culture base on do thing differently and drive innovation in it own company . it new brand identity be a manifestation of it disruptor mindset and it commitment to help customer find solution to address it most critical challenge today and in the future . it will now turn the call over to Bob to discuss it financial result . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc.  it , Tony , and  , everyone . turn the slide 9 , it show it fourth quarter result which reflect it new business structure . during the quarter , Windstream generate service revenue of approximately $ 1.5 billion and adjust OIBDAR of $ 521 million , which represent a consolidated margin of 34.8 % , an increase of 70 basis point year - over - year drive by it strong expense management initiative . the margin represent it high margin level since prior to the EarthLink acquisition as well as a $ 31 million sequential increase . the ILEC Consumer and SMB segment deliver solid result . for the quarter , service revenue be $ 476 million , down modestly sequentially . contribution margin be $ 282 million or approximately 59 % , and grow sequentially by $ 12 million . consumer broadband unit decrease by approximately 10,800 during the quarter , a slight improvement from a decline of 11,900 subscriber during the fourth quarter of 2016 . additionally , it record it 12th consecutive quarter of consumer ARPU growth . in the enterprise segment , which also include it out - of - region small and medium business revenue , service revenue with $ 760 million and increase $ 9 million sequentially . and contribution margin be $ 164 million or approximately 21 % , an increase of 200 basis point sequentially and then 160 basis point year - over - year . contribution margin in this segment grow by $ 17 million sequentially . it focus on reduce network access cost and migrate more of it sale to on - net be drive tangible margin improvement as a majority of these cost reside in it enterprise segment . interconnection expense fall 10 % in 2017 , consistent with it expectation for it long - term outlook . additionally , it continue to have a strong pipeline in it strategic product offering , which it expect to continue to monetize in the come quarter . in the Wholesale segment , service revenue be $ 190 million and contribution margin be $ 135 million or approximately 71 % , up 120 basis point sequentially and 240 basis point year - over - year . it clec consumer segment , which primarily consist of EarthLink 's former consumer business , generate service revenue of $ 51 million and contribution margin of $ 28 million or approximately 54 % . it integration and synergy achievement plan remain on track for both Broadview and EarthLink . as show on slide 10 , it have significantly improve the maturity profile of it balance sheet over the past several month , extend maturity of almost $ 2 billion of debt , an average of more than two year . it have no meaningful maturity prior to 2020 , and it will continue to opportunistically improve the balance sheet over the come quarter . the various debt exchange it successfully complete in the fourth quarter also allow it to achieve consent ( 00:12:42 ) on all of it outstanding bond tranche , waive any allege default relate to it Uniti spinoff in 2015 . turn to slide 11 . it 2018 full year guidance be as follow . it expect service revenue trend to be slightly improve versus 2017 trend , adjust OIBDAR to be in the range of $ 1.95 billion to € 2.01 billion , adjust CapEx to be between $ 750 million and $ 800 million , and adjust free cash flow of approximately € 165 million , assume the midpoint of it adjust OIBDAR and adjust CapEx range . it guidance assume cash interest of approximately $ 385 million . of note , at the midpoint of it guidance , 2018 result would represent a 400-basis point improvement in adjust OIBDAR trend year - over - year , and it expect absolute growth in adjust OIBDAR in 2019 . as part of it continue effort to drive efficiency and cost reduction in it business , it execute on restructure action in January that will drive approximately $ 50 million of in - year 2018 cost saving . these action include additional head count reduction associate with efficiency create from it investment in it multi - year system consolidation effort and also consolidation of certain corporate support function . these additional cost reduction effort , couple with the continue ramp up in the achievement of acquisition synergy and reduction of interconnection cost , support it improve OIBDAR trend in 2018 and beyond . the overall impact of Windstream from the new tax bill sign into law late last year will be favorable over the long - term , but it be not currently a material cash tax payer due to it net operating loss carryforward . the new tax bill will allow the company to extend the timeframe for the use of those nol and remain a minimal cash taxpayer for the foreseeable future . turn to slide 12 . it present it directional outlook assumption for 2018 for each of it business unit . for it ILEC Consumer and SMB segment , it expect broadband trend to improve year - over - year with a stable contribution margin percentage . in it enterprise segment , it expect revenue and contribution margin trend to improve with a material improvement in absolute contribution margin dollar year - over - year , drive by solid growth in it strategic product offering and interconnection expense reduction . it expect enterprise to reach a contribution margin level of 24 % in 2018 . it Wholesale segment should continue to see top line pressure as legacy revenue decline continue to offset strategic revenue growth trend . and it expect it CLEC consumer segment to experience similar trend to 2017 . on slide 13 , it lay out it 2018 adjust capital expenditure plan . the $ 775 million midpoint of it guidance range would represent a $ 64 million reduction from 2017 level or an approximate 8 % decline . now it will turn the call back over to Tony for a few closing comment . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc.  , Bob . it be pleased with the momentum it be see across it company . revenue trend , subscriber trend and ARPU have sequentially improve in almost every segment of it business for the past couple of quarter . it focus on strategic enterprise sale be show strong progress . it expect to see material adjust oibdar trend improvement in 2018 , and the step it have take to improve the maturity profile on it balance sheet have significantly improve it liquidity for the next several year . importantly , it feel confident in say that it expect adjust OIBDAR growth year - over - year in 2019 . it be well underway in pivot the company from a telecom reseller to a cloud application connectivity provider in it enterprise segment and from a phone and internet provider to a premium broadband and entertainment provider in it ILEC Consumer and SMB segment . the management team and it remain confident that it be head on the right path to improve revenue trend , drive adjust OIBDAR growth , and create value for all of it stakeholder over the come quarter . it will now take it question . operator , please review the instruction and open the call to question . question - and - answer session and it first question come from the line of Frank Louthan from Raymond James . it line be now open . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. great .  it . it apologize if it miss this . but any thought on go forward on potential asset divestiture and so forth , and to what extent , do it – be it see some traction with some of the Broadview product with customer outside of it region ? it understand the product can be sell more nationally and opportunity for some growth . where do it stand with that ?  . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. hey , Frank , this be Bob . it will take the asset sale question , and then have Tony weigh on the Broadview product . as a reminder , it believe it still have significant asset value to monetize within it fiber asset that it own outright , and it have be very active in discussion around that opportunity . it continue to dialogue with multiple party about potential transaction . and while nothing have be complete or announce at this point , it still remain optimistic about it opportunity to monetize some of that fiber portfolio . the opportunity , it think , probably go forward , will more likely be small transaction on a maybe a more regular basis rather than a very large transaction , for example , with one party . but again , the interest level remain high , and it continue to be optimistic about it opportunity there . in addition to that , it would say , Frank , that it be also explore strategic alternative with it Consumer CLEC business which be largely comprise of it EarthLink consumer business . and while no final decision have be make on the strategic opportunity with that segment , it continue to be opportunistic and look for opportunity to optimize the overall business of Windstream with potential monetization of that segment . for it benefit , it do show that segment and those financial result separately now within it disclosure . and so those financial can be analyze base upon it new disclosure . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and on the Broadview OfficeSuite rollout , it have now roll that out across the entire footprint . it do that on August 1 and the momentum it see there be strong . it be it lead UCaaS solution for most of it enterprise customer . it have a full product portfolio that go from large contact center down to midsize enterprise to SMB customer . and the beauty of OfficeSuite be just it broad applicability . it be a really well - design product . it scale well . it have relevant feature . it have a digital - centric approach and it be roll , it be be very successful , especially when couple with SD - WAN Concierge . the combination of a kind of a cloud - aware architecture like it have in SD - WAN with OfficeSuite , it be just a very comprehensive solution for it customer . and so right now the momentum be good , the funnel be strong . as it talk about earlier , 38.4 % of it sale in the fourth quarter come from it strategic product set , and that include OfficeSuite . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. and just to follow up , if it have say a CLEC customer or someone that be on a maybe Type 2 circuit and it switch over to OfficeSuite , can it characterize sort of the cash flow impact from that and how it should think about the benefit to the company from that kind of change ? Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. absolutely , Frank . and it think it would put it in the context of probably SD - WAN and OfficeSuite . because when it be go from a Type 2 circuit , for example , an Ethernet circuit to an SD - WAN solution with Windstream 's OfficeSuite , it be a much more margin - rich profile . that be because SD - WAN leverage public broadband IP that roll back into Windstream 's core mpls network . so it be a much high margin product than it would see on what it call a typical leased circuit on an old technology . so it be a big step up , not only in margin but importantly for customer . it be a huge step up in capability and solution to help solve it critical business issue . so it be a win - win . it be push SD - WAN and OfficeSuite aggressively throughout the entire company . it have great product , great core MPLS . MPLS be a great complement or hybrid network with SD - WAN as well as it security and professional service solution . but put all that together , it be really focused on solve customer ' business issue . now it can do that , and at the same time , drive significantly high margin into those customer relationship . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. when do it think it can get the majority of it Type 2 customer on those type of product ? Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. that be go to be a multi - year journey , Frank . but it be aggressively work on those conversion and incentivize it sale and sale account manager to do those conversion because it be a sticki relationship as well . as demonstrate by Broadview 's financial performance , the OfficeSuite product have approximately 1 % churn , so very , very low level of customer loss . so it be a very sticky product . and for all the reason it know , it be well - design and it solve the customer ' issue . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. great .  it very much . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc.  for the question , Frank . and it next question come from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley . it line be now open . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC great .  it very much .  . it want to unpack the comment , Tony , on EBITDAR grow in 2019 . Can it help it with some of the lever around that ? be that full realization of the synergy ? be that additional restructuring ? be that improve revenue trend , business mix , et cetera ? what should it be look for to help get more clarity into that ? and then there be a comment around early success with DIRECTV and DIRECTV now . but perhaps it could just give it a little bit more color around that and what that mean for it business and how the economic . be this really a churn reduction or maybe get more gross add ? what do it expect from that to help stabilize the consumer business ?  . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc.  for the question , Simon . when it look to EBITDA , it be go to build on the momentum that it see in it 2018 guidance as it go into 2019 . and it have several lever it be pull to achieve absolute adjust OBIDAR growth in 2019 . it allude to some of the lever it have on cost side that include the continued synergy realization . it include continue cost takeout effort it have inside of the company as well as it expectation that it can take out 10 % of it interconnection . importantly , to ensure it have confidence , it have also engage a third party to do kind of – to work with the Windstream team to ensure it do a comprehensive review of it cost structure , the benefit of which will begin to be realize in 2018 but give it even incremental cost saving as it go into 2019 to ensure it ability to achieve it cost goal . and then it expect it will see the strategic product sale in enterprise and the broad penetration of fast speed and it ILEC Consumer and SMB business improve revenue trend modestly . importantly , it think it can think about that as upside . the cost side will bring certainty to it ability to achieve 2019 adjust OIBDAR growth , and it get upside to the ability to achieve that and go faster if it can modestly improve the revenue trend . when it look at ... Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and do CapEx sort of stay at the same level in 2019 ? be that a good intensity to keep ? Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. hey , Simon , this be Bob . it long range guidance on CapEx still be in that 13 % to 15 % CapEx intensity range . and so it see a nice step - down year - over - year 2018 versus 2017 , just under 10 % . it think that just generally , it think it can see some lowering of the IT CapEx spend probably into 2019 . and really , it think it come down to what be it success - base CapEx outcome for 2019 . and if it be well , that probably mean good thing for top line and OIBDAR . if it be a little bit less , maybe it improve the free cash flow from a CapEx standpoint , but it will see a little bit lessening of the revenue improvement . so that be how it think about CapEx more generally . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC okay .  it . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and then on – in term of it entertainment option that it have add with DIRECTV which it – the satellite sit on the linear side ( 00:25:19 ) , on February 1 , and course , it launch DIRECTV now late last year , it would describe , it say this often , it have it own Kinetic tv product , but it be fairly agnostic on how customer consume content . what it want to do be have a sticky relationship with it customer . if customer want to consume content over - the - top , that be absolutely great . if it want the full range of solution that it get from Windstream 's Kinetic tv offering or from DIRECTV satellite offering , that be great as well . it want to have the entertainment option it customer need . and what it have see , and it have see that with it historical relationship with DISH . and when it can bundle tv solution with the broadband connection , it do get a churn benefit . it also think it help in term of brand awareness , in term of create more acquisition , more new gross add . but it be clear , base off the fact and the datum it have collect , that bundle a video option with a broadband connection will improve retention rate of customer . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc.  it , Simon . and it next question come from the line of David Barden from Bank of America . it line be now open . David Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch hey , guy ,  for take the question . it guess first one would just be , Bob , just with respect to the kind of merger synergy EBITDA contribution that be bake into the guidance from the EBITDA side and then the merger integration expense that be kind of be back out of the CapEx number , could it kind of talk about the sizing of those two number ? and then it guess , Tony , be the revenue recognition change a reflection of some incremental change in the kind of business structure or the go - to - market approach that the company be take , or be this more just to reflect the potential that it be go to try to monetize that legacy EarthLink business in the market or it be just go to get rid of it ?  . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. hey , David , Bob here . in term of the synergy , how to think about that for 2018 , so as a reminder , for 2017 , it exit at around $ 75 million of annualize OpEx synergy run rate and about $ 25 million of CapEx benefit . by the end of 2018 , it expect the OpEx exit run rate to be about $ 120 million with CapEx be consistent at $ 25 million . and then , of course , in 2019 , it expect to get the full realization of it synergy which be about $ 155 million of OpEx and then about $ 25 million of CapEx for the full $ 180 million of free cash flow synergy from both deal transaction expectation . and in term of the cost - to - achieve , if it will , around M&A and integration CapEx , in 2018 , it expect to be on track and in line with it original guidance around those type of cost . as a reminder , it mention it announce each of those deal that it would incur around 1 time the full run rate synergy over a three - year period . and in 2018 , it expect that number to be around $ 55 million or so , just round number . in addition to that , just to speak more generally about integration and also other cost there come more temporary in nature , it do expect to have litigation and other cost around the bondholder litigation of north of $ 20 million . so that be a onetime item that obviously it do not see as recur go forward but it be a cost that it will incur in 2018 . and then as Tony mention earlier , it be go to be very aggressive with take cost out of the business through the year and it expect to see severance and real estate exit cost of around $ 40 million in 2018 . all of that in support of really solidify and ensure the material improvement of adjust OIBDAR in 2018 , but also set up for the growth in OIBDAR in 2019 and beyond . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and , David , in term of the new revenue and presentation , the financial presentation it provide this quarter , it do reflect the way it be manage the business . it have kind of three report business unit . it have the ILEC Consumer and SMB business unit , lead by Jeff Small . that be it residential and SMB business in it on - net , ILEC market . and then it have Windstream Enterprise and Wholesale that be under a single leader now . it collapse that in the fourth quarter under Layne Levine . and there be some financial benefit from it , but it think it be just also a well way to go - to - market in term of get to it customer . and it be right , the benefit of break the CLEC consumer business , as Bob just allude to , be it create a strategic optionality around strategic opportunity to sell that business . it be definitely not part of it core approach go forward , but it generate good cash flow . but it want to make sure it keep the option available to it . David Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch great . all right .  , guy . appreciate it . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. it be welcome . and it next question come from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs . it line be now open . Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  . and maybe just one quick follow - up on Dave 's question , and it appreciate the color on some of the non - recur item . it be wonder whether there be any pension OPEB that may be incur in 2018 that be not include in the adjust figure . and then it mention some new cost efficient way of deploy broadband use new and existing technology . it be hope it maybe could just elaborate on that a little bit .  . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. hey , Brett , this be Bob . in term of it pension contribution , it expect that to be less than $ 20 million for 2018 . and it plan would be to fund that primarily through equity , similar to what it have do in past period Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and on the broadband deployment technique it allude to , the team spend much of 2017 perfect new planning and deployment methodology with the goal of be able to deploy 100 meg plus VDSL2 next - gen technology within 30 day . and it have now , through a combination of planning and software - define network solution , be perfect that . it pilot it or the first phase of it , it deploy in the fourth quarter and it be do large scale deployment here in the first quarter . so it have a lot of momentum here . it be really excited about the opportunity to deploy these new technique and get this speed into the hand of it customer . the other goal it have be to reduce the cost of broadband deployment in half from what it have see in Project Excel . it will also achieve that goal . the team work on that in 2017 . so , one , it be go to accelerate it ability to have fast speed , but then it have also be work to ensure it minimize the capital it take to put broadband into the network , so it can obviously expose fast speed to more customer . and it think the benefit from that be meaningful . it see it continue commitment to it broadband expansion in it capital budget . it be go to be invest significant capital there in 2018 to bring those speed – put those speed in the hand of it customer . Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC great . it be sorry . it forget it do have one more question . there be some change in the accounting standard this year and some of it peer have be fairly meaningful . it be curious whether it be have meaningful impact on it outlook for service revenue or OIBDAR trend in 2018 ? Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. no , Brett . this be Bob . really , some of the revenue standard that it be refer to or allude to , really do not have a material impact on it guidance for 2018 and beyond . Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC great .  for take the question . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. it be welcome . and it next question come from the line of Batya Levi from UBS . it line be now open . Batya Levi - UBS Securities LLC great .  it . just back to EBITDA . 2017 come in just a bit low than what it have guide . Can it talk about what drive that downside ? and then look at the cost cutting initiative and synergy in 2018 , can it talk about the pacing on the realization of those and if there be any seasonal expense that it should think about for the first quarter ? and along that thought , effort to lower interconnection expense , how much do it think it can see this year ? Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. it think that be Batya talking . hey , Batya , this be Bob . in term of the less than 1 % miss on it OIBDAR for last year in fourth quarter , to it expectation , really come into the quarter , it have a lot of cost reduction effort really line up . it , in fact , make considerable progress from third quarter to fourth quarter , down almost $ 30 million on a sequential basis there on flat revenue . really , the slight miss to the guidance come in the form of the pace at which it be take out the interconnection cost . it do not – certainly , it be still very optimistic about the aggregate opportunity , and the team be do a great job of take down a lot of cost there , over 10 % reduction on an annual basis which be great . it just – it be a little bit slow in fourth quarter than what it have expect , and that be really where it come up a bit short for the fourth quarter number . in term of how it think about the cost takeout for 2018 , as it mention in it prepared comment , today , it have already take some action in , really , January to drive $ 50 million of cost takeout , that will all occur within year . so that be a good start for it . it should expect it to continue to be aggressive on the cost structure . it would tell it , the interconnection cost saving be more linear . it be almost like a recur cost takeout , more akin to a recur revenue model in some way . so that be just more of a – the pace at which it will groom and take cost out of the network , and that be be a nice pace or it . in term of the other action that it could take , obviously , it be look at some action through the year just around optimize the cost structure and how it serve it customer . and it think in the next couple of quarter , it could see some step function of benefit that come from that as well with probably a little bit more of a waiting into the kind of middle of the year . in term of the seasonality for 1Q ,  for the question , it do typically see some seasonality in 1Q versus 4q. that typically relate to a reset of benefit and taxis , and also more aggressive spending that it have for advertising type cost . and so it do expect to have a step down in it OIBDAR from 1Q to 4q , probably in the range of $ 20 plus million , which be pretty consistent with what it have see in prior year . again , because of all the cost initiative that it have talk about , and obviously , the improvement in revenue that it expect through the year on a year - over - year basis , that be why it expect to see the aggregate improvement in adjust OIBDAR continue through the year . Batya Levi - UBS Securities LLC got it . that be helpful .  it . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. it be welcome . and it next question come from the line of Amir Rozwadowski from Barclays . it line be now open . Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc.  it very much . think about the OIBDAR improvement expectation for 2019 , do it folk have a long - term target of where it think that could go ? it seem like there be confidence around some of the cost synergy and a constructive view in term of the top line , but be wonder if there be sort of a long - term target that it should be consider . and then , maybe as sort of a second question , it folk have make some pretty significant inroad on the SD - WAN front . there still seem to be debate around the propensity for SD - WAN go forward , whether or not it be view as a sort of displacement for some of the legacy service that be in the marketplace or sort of a complementary sale , how do it view sort of the opportunity set go forward from it standpoint ? Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. hey , this be Bob . it will take the first question around long - term OIBDAR trend . speak more generally about what it expect here , certainly , it expect to build on the momentum that it take from 2018 into 2019 . it do think it have great opportunity , of course , to continue to improve from there . the thing to focus on long - term in the business obviously , the investment that it have make within it consumer business have become more competitive from a speed standpoint . it do expect it to continue to make progress on consumer revenue over time and in the consumer flow share . so that be an opportunity for it to moderate the revenue decline within consumer and eventually get to growth there . it have be very successful in take cost out of that business and stay very efficient . and so , obviously , once the revenue improvement come , that would accrete to the bottom line . in the enterprise business , most certainly , it have see some good momentum there already in term of contribution margin growth both in 2017 . and as it look into 2018 , it expect the kind of mid to high single - digit increase in contribution margin to continue . and into 2019 and beyond , as it think about the enterprise business really , it will be about the pace at which it can penetrate it base and attract new customer with it strategic product and that could moderate and then eventually grow enterprise revenue . support that business , of course , be the material cost takeout opportunity that it have within interconnection , and that be a multi - year effort . that will go on for really four or five more year at this pace and so that give it a tailwind . and the last thing it would say that give it support on the oibdar growth would be the synergy opportunity . and maybe one more thing , it system integration effort more generally have be quite productive in term of show us opportunity to bring efficiency around the cost structure as it be more efficient in serve it customer through a more rational and efficient system environment . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and it will take the SD - WAN propensity . and obviously , part of it new brand launch in Windstream Enterprise and Wholesale be it commitment to be a disrupter . it do believe SD - WAN will displace much of the legacy MPLS network over time . for many customer , it will be a hybrid WAN architecture that include MPLS and SD - WAN , depend on every customer 's unique need . it think the mindset that SD - WAN be not a game changer when it come to network design be naïve . it be one of the most powerful solution it have lay eye on in it 20 plus year in telecom . the ability to get Layer 7 or application layer visibility into it network , the transparency around network performance , Windstream 's provide unique capability there in term of how customer can consume it as well as develop internal capability and how it ensure customer have a fantastic onboarding experience and how it can support it go forward . it launch it program , SD - WAN Concierge , a fully manage solution for it customer , and it be go to change how network get build . it be just that simple . and it would always tell it , SD - WAN be a product . it be not a solution . it have get to be solve critical business issue for customer and SD - WAN be a part of it . but Windstream bring a full breadth of product to bear and solution , include security , UCaaS with it OfficeSuite or hire contact center solution with either Avaya or Mitel . it just have a really robust product set . and it talk about continue to maintain it edge as one of it critical priority in 2018 . when it flash forward from where it be at the end of 2014 to today , it have an industry - lead product set , and it plan on maintain that edge and SD - WAN will be a critical element of how it plan to do that in the marketplace . and the other thing it would add be what make Windstream unique in it approach to SD - WAN financially be it be primarily an off - net MPLS provider , mean it use other carrier ' network typically ethernet network . the Type 2 circuit it buy from the carrier be quite expensive . so , when it shift to SD - WAN , it provide that over public IP broadband , and that be dramatically different margin profile for it . so it can make this transition from MPLS to SD - WAN and actually have it be margin accretive , which make it pretty unique in the industry . Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc. that be very helpful .  it very much for the incremental color . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. it be welcome . and it next question come from the line of Aris Asardi from Credit Suisse ( 00:41:36 ) . it line be now open . unknown Speaker yes , hi ,  for take it question . first , it just want to ask on the enterprise side for Q4 , sequential revenue grow pretty nicely despite ARPU and customer , it think seem like relatively usual seasonal performance . just want to understand , it notice that the voice and the miscellaneous and the end user surcharge line be sequentially up nicely versus the usual trend , just want to get some little bit well color around the driver behind sequential enterprise growth in Q4 . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. sure . this be Bob . in the quarter , certainly , it do get the benefit of some sequential lift in the quarter , which largely do attribute to enterprise for the growth from the Broadview be one more month of inclusion in the quarter . so that help it to the tune of around $ 25 million , kind of all in , with most of that be in Enterprise . but in addition to that , it do see some progress certainly within it strategic product , where it can kind of focus it attention on that more generally be in the datum integrate service line . that be be an area for it that it remain very focused on in term of drive improvement . and as it look ahead , really as Tony mention , the SD - WAN and UCaaS product offering , that will be what drive the enterprise trend to improve . it do expect that from a top line standpoint on a year - over - year basis to see improvement in top line . and certainly , as it look ahead into early 1q , it will need to build it pipeline and turn all that into instal revenue . but as the year go on , it expect to make improvement on that . unknown Speaker got it .  it for that , Bob . and then also want to ask it in term of the overall cost saving expectation , be there any way it could bracket what it expect in term of overall cost save in 2019 versus 2018 ? Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. well , it be in a – in term of the big item , certainly , the synergy realization would be one that it would call out in the aggregate , right . so it be move from and into the year exit in 2018 of $ 120 million of OpEx go up to $ 155 million . and so it will take an incremental step up there . obviously , the 10 % takeout on interconnection , that be sort of just kind of a regular sizable number on the base of just about $ 1.5 billion of cost , and so that be a large opportunity that continue into 2019 as well . absent that , it do think the annualize run rate of some of the cost action that it will take out this year will accumulate into meaningful number . it have not disaggregate it or give a specific guidance on that for 2019 , but it can sort of see as it be take out cost in $ 50 million chunk , more of that to come this year , that will help it get to a sizable run rate in the future . unknown Speaker great .  it . last thing from it be – and it think there be some discussion around potentially Uniti monetize fiber that be not fully – that be sort of like not fully utilize by Windstream . just want to see if there be any sort of clarification or additional comment it can provide in term of whether that be still an option out there , or all of the asset sale it be talk about be really still stuff that be not encapsulate within the lease ?  . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. yeah , what Bob be refer to be fiber asset that be not encapsulate inside of a lease . obviously , it have an opportunity to partner with Uniti to potentially monetize underused asset . and that remain an opportunity for both Windstream and Uniti in the future . unknown Speaker  it , Tony . and it next question come from the line of Matthew Niknam from Deutsche Bank . it line be now open . Whitney Fletcher - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. hi , this be Whitney on for Matt . just two if it could . the 24 % contribution margin in enterprise that it be now expect , be this tie to the resegmentation or great confidence in the business ? and then secondly , how should it think about 2017 revenue growth pro forma for Broadview ? and kind of in that context , can it just give it a little bit more color on how 2018 will compare ?  . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. this be Bob . in term of the resegmentation , what do that really mean to the resetting of the bar from a enterprise margin standpoint , it be around 50 basis point of improvement . and so , obviously , if it look at it reguide , target enterprise contribution margin percentage , it actually raise it even more than that , up to the 24 % level . so just continue to see nice cost opportunity in the synergy , interconnection cost takeout , and other area . and sorry , the second question be around Broadview revenue contribution in 2017 ? Whitney Fletcher - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. yeah , just if it have a pro forma revenue growth number . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. yeah , so just generally , around Broadview , Broadview on a full - year basis be around $ 290 million or so of annualized revenue from a full year basis . that business have be relatively flat in term of it revenue contribution before synergy . the oibdar contribution have be quite good , north of 10 % growth , again due to the sort of penetration of it customer base with UCaaS product . it be be a great gross margin and OIBDAR story . as it look into 2018 , obviously , it expect similar to improved trend on top line within that separate business . but the more interesting opportunity , of course , be to take all those product and bring it to the much broad Windstream customer base and really start to make improvement on the top line within Enterprise . so it be not really guide separately for Broadview into 2018 , it be just manage the business altogether at this point . but that be generally how it can think about the contribution on a top line basis from that business . Whitney Fletcher - Deutsche Bank Securities , Inc. okay .  it . and it last question come from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi . it line be now open . Adam Ilkowitz - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. hi ,  . this be Adam Ilkowitz on for Mike Rollins .  for take the question . want to ask about free cash flow and with the guidance it give and there be a number of charge that would be onetime in nature in 2018 , how do it guy think about further accelerate synergy , cost cutting , or even lower CapEx to accelerate cash flow in the near - term to deleverage ?  it . Robert E. Gunderman - Windstream Holdings , Inc. Adam , this be Bob . well , certainly , as it look from a year - over - year standpoint , as it guide last year , it be make some material investment to drive enablement of synergy , if it will , and that cause free cash flow story to effectively it integration cost sort of offset and exceed the cost within the adjust free cash flow . in 2018 , there be be a very material improvement in that outcome . obviously , it be still have integration cost , but within expectation . to the question about whether it can accelerate cost initiative , certainly , it look to do that every single day . it think right now , it be comfortable with some of the directional commentary it give earlier on the call . it continue to look for those opportunity and find efficiency in the business . and to the point of CapEx , the CapEx , again , be about 10 % reduction year - over - year . it think that be a very good level of investment to ensure that it can continue to make progress on top line and drive the business in the right direction long - term . so do not want to do anything unnatural to drive CapEx down that would harm the business prospect over time . and so it think that be the appropriate level at this point to drive the right financial outcome over time . Anthony W. Thomas - Windstream Holdings , Inc. and it think when it look at it , it be a combination of kind of the cost takeout that Bob allude to , be really efficient with it capital . but of course , it be the asset sale it allude to , whether those be the fiber that it own outright , the Consumer CLEC strategic optionality it have , or the ability to partner with Uniti and monetize the asset Uniti own that Windstream operate , so many lever there for which it can generate free cash flow . 