before it remark on the quarter and it strategy , it would like to comment on it recent safety incident . it be incredibly sadden by the loss of one of it Westmoreland team member last week at the Colstrip mine . it heart go out to the individual 's family , friend , co - worker and all affected . it have be fully cooperate with MSHA from the moment it arrive at Colstrip , and it be do it own review in order to understand what happen , why it happen and ensure it never happen again . give it culture here at Westmoreland , the loss of a team member be feel by everybody . it have reiterate to the Westmoreland team , especially those at Colstrip , to please take the time it need to be incredibly vigilant for it own safety and the safety of it teammate . this be a difficult time for it , but together , it will support each other and get through it . it would also ask it entire team to be ready to again elevate Westmoreland 's safety performance to the top tier , where it be historically be . turn to it first quarter result . although the first quarter of 2017 be challenge , it factor most of the driver into it full year guidance , which it have reiterate today . the slow start be drive by several factor . tough weather condition impact it significantly this quarter . look back , last year start out with mild weather . weather - relate demand pick up midyear , allow it to finish the year with 2 record - set quarter . 2017 have start off even milder than last year . this mild weather drive low - power demand and price , which lead to low coal sale . this impact it operation across the board but be most evident within the WMLP Ohio market . Weather also impact WMLP 's operation at the Kemmerer mine , although it be not from the mild condition . as the mine be routinely work through one of it most difficult part of the mine plan , heavy snow , follow by even heavy rain , flood the pit . this reduce it first quarter production and delivery to it customer and increase Kemmerer 's cost . also on the operating side , it have to undergo unexpected repair on 2 dragline in Canada . the repair be for item it team discover in the normal course of business . these repair reduce it coal sale and increase cost here as well . overall , it operator do a tremendous job proactively address these challenge . it pivot quickly with it mine plan , pull back on operating expense , adjusted schedule and fully resolve it equipment issue . it immediate action enable it to maximize result in light of these Q1 headwind . despite the Q1 challenge , it remain confident it will achieve it full year guidance range for several reason : first , it dragline be now fully back in service . second , the challenge it face result in low Q1 end inventory both at the mine site and at it customer site . it be now start to serve this pen - up demand . and lastly , it have move through it more challenging mining area and be well position to improve cost and yield over the rest of the year as it enter more optimal part of it mine plan . shift gear to it long - term strategy . it continue to make progress on all it key priority that will unlock shareholder value . first , it have make good progress with respect to it noncore asset Coal Valley and ROVA . it have run a full blown process for each asset and select the high and good offer . although there can be no assurance that either transaction will close , it be optimistic that it will have more to share with it in the coming month . second , it have also run a robust process to select financial adviser and have select 2 investment bank . with these adviser , it have begin work down multiple path toward optimize Westmoreland 's capital structure and address WMLP 's 2018 debt maturity . in closing , it margin - protect business model enable it to consistently generate positive ebitda and cash flow in both good time and challenge time . despite an unusual set of circumstance . this quarter 's result demonstrate that it resilient model consistently produce cash flow . it cost - protect contract allow it to recoup it fix cost even in time of low volume . this position it well to run for the long term . with that , it will now hand the call over to Gary .  it , Kevin .  , everybody . it deliver adjust EBITDA of $ 88 million in the first quarter , include an accelerated $ 47 million from Capital Power 's early loan lease payment . the incremental adjust EBITDA from this payment compare with Q1 of 2016 be $ 48 million . adjusted EBITDA without this payment decline $ 23 million year - over - year . the decline be attributable to the expect contract run - off , low Q1 weather - drive demand , poor operating condition due to excessive rainfall and dragline repair . U.S. adjust EBITDA decline 9 % in the first quarter on 22 % few coal ton sell . this reflect the Beulah and Jewett contract expiration , the benefit of the additional month of San Juan ownership and high - margin reclamation work at Jewett . in Canada , first quarter adjust EBITDA be up $ 36 million compare to the same quarter a year ago . the Capital Power payment benefit adjust EBITDA by $ 48 million year - over - year . without this , Canada 's adjusted EBITDA be down $ 12 million , drive by the dragline repair and it temporarily mine in low - yield area at other mine . the dragline be back in service , and it be mine in more productive normal area . turn to the MLP . adjusted EBITDA be down 33 % , and ton sell be off by 15 % . Ohio be one of the few area of it business with open market exposure , and it continue to experience heavy pricing and volume pressure there . the MLP result also reflect low sale and increase cost at Kemmerer due to record - set snowfall follow by heavy rain . it 2017 outlook for the MLP have not change meaningfully . Kemmerer have dry out and resume normal operation . it expect to recoup most of the lose Q1 adjust EBITDA at Kemmerer as the ton it could not deliver will be deliver during the balance of the year . in other word , these sale be delay , not lose . the MLP 's outlook continue to reflect the ongoing softness in Ohio . the benefit of it model be the persistent cash flow it generate even in a down quarter . with it strong Q1 cash flow generation , it cover it cash interest expense , make it principal and capital lease payment , cover working capital investment and acquire reserve . consider this , it still increase it cash balance by $ 15 million to finish the quarter with $ 75 million on hand . if it look at the big picture , it generate free cash flow of $ 43 million . this include cash use of $ 32 million for interest , $ 11 million for reclamation and a $ 3 million cash use for work capital . it expect work capital to be positive for the year , although it will swing quarter - to - quarter . net debt total $ 1.1 billion at quarter end , of which $ 748 million be parent net debt and $ 304 million be wmlp net debt . the total net debt include reduction of $ 15 million in debt principle and $ 7 million in capital lease obligation . turn to the outlook for the year . it recognize that as past year have demonstrate , it result will be lumpy quarter - to - quarter follow weather pattern . it second quarter tend to be the low point before it see the strong back half . it have confidence in the resiliency of it margin - protect model , and it see a clear path to achieve it guidance again this year . it will , however , need a more favourable weather pattern , similar to last year 's , to finish in the top half of it range . it confidence be anchor in several factor . it have solve and put behind it the operational issue . namely , it be back to mining in more favourable area , and the dragline be now fully operational . further , the condition have improve at Kemmerer such that it be back to full normal production . again , the demand it could not meet in Q1 be be fill now . westmoreland enjoy a differentiated , resilient , margin - protect model with an extremely attractive cash flow yield . it will continue to take the right step with increase speed and urgency to capitalize on the opportunity to create more shareholder value . it look forward to update it on it progress on all of it initiative , include bring Coal Valley and ROVA to conclusion and on move towards a simple , strong capital structure . Doug , with that , it be ready for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Mark Levin with Seaport Global . please proceed with it question . it be sorry . it first question come from the line of Ashwin Reddy with Venor Capital . please proceed with it question .  it for take it question . a couple , it guess . the first one it want to start with be regard kind of leverage in the MLP . and it think in it presentation , it guy note that the parent company be 3.3 time lever base on kind of the LTM EBITDA calculation give , which would obviously imply the MLP be much more lever . so as it think about the capital structure go forward , just wonder if it could just walk it through what other thing could be do at the parent level to even further reduce that leverage amount ? and then maybe secondarily to that , how it kind of be think about deal with the MLP maturity ? to it , it seem like use any kind of equity , unless it be insanely accretive , would not be the right move to do . but clearly , that debt structure be extremely lever , so it be just curious if it can kind of give it it thought on that , please .  , Ashwin , it be Gary .  for the question . clearly , the MLP have the most pressing , obviously , leverage as well as debt maturity come up in 2018 . it would say at the parent , it be comfortable with the leverage and with the maturity . and ultimately , it will continue to generate significant cash flow , strong enough to meet the debt need at the parent . at the MLP , it would say it be evaluate , and it will continue to address all option , work with the Finance Committee of the board . and clearly , it intent and the board 's intent be to only do a transaction or follow a path that be accretive to the parent , or say the opposite way , not to do something that be dilutive at the parent . and as it develop the plan with it investment adviser and the Finance Committee , it will share more detail as appropriate . got it . okay . and then when it think about the timing on the stuff that be - regard to the parent , not necessarily with the mlp , recognize it guy obviously have more party involve there to do something . how do it kind of view the timing on that ? and it guess kind of flavour that it have be think of that be potential equipment financing , which it have talk about , maybe a global refi class and San Juan restructure . maybe it can kind of shed a little light on that , too ? yes . what it would share with it and it guess it be worth say , although it know it guy know this . there be a lot of stuff happen behind the scene that reflect it - clearly , the urgency with which it need to move and the speed with which it need to move on these initiative . but obviously , as a lot of work be happen behind the scene , there be thing it just can not share until it be ready . specific to the equipment finance , it have be make pretty good progress with it equipment leasing partner there . and it , unfortunately , have have an event occur that be delay that . so it be pursue other alternative . it be still somewhat optimistic , but that be be delay outside of it control , and it will update it again as appropriate . on San Juan , it think it be clear that it be generate significant cash flow , and that be it , frankly , it least - lever part of it business , but need to bring that into the parent so that it break that ring fence . and certainly , that be it top priority there . okay . and then it guy have mention kind of Coal Valley . it guess it be curious if it could give it maybe a little bit more color as to where it at . and maybe it will ask the question this way : it mean , can it kind of just give it kind of what it think the liability at Coal Valley be ? and potentially it have be talk about get rid of those liability at a minimum . and at a minimum get a contract mining deal , which in it mind , it take 3-ish million ton over the number at Coal Valley and 2 million to 4 million or $ 2 to $ 4 a ton , it be kind of - it kind of add value from that portion of it , plus maybe whatever else it may be get . but like , if it could kind of outline maybe what the liability be , that would be great ? Kevin Paprzycki Ashwin , there be somewhere upwards of $ 50 million to $ 60 million total reclamation liability at Coal Valley . there be a little bit of bond collateral , it think in the $ 20-some million , it would also get back . and when it talk about shed that liability and free up some of that bond collateral , that be clearly an event that would accelerate the delevering at the parent , like - just like the other thing it mention . but it run a very robust process for Coal Valley . for - it do the same for ROVA as well , here during the quarter . it be in active discussion with potential buyer , pretty optimistic on - in term of the closing phase , and it have now shift to where it be in documentation , accept the high offer that come out of both process . but it be - put this way , it be as optimistic as it can be right now that it be go to get some sort of value - create transaction out of these , but it be just premature , it think , to speculate on timing . with respect to Coal Valley , it would love to work on a contract mining arrangement for that if it find a buyer who would be interested in have it run it for it . and it be probably , again , premature to talk about margin per ton . but it do not think what it have outline there be basically the contract mining fee somewhere between high $ 1 and $ 4 a ton that it typically get on those type of arrangement . so it do not think it be out of line , but it think it be probably a little premature for it . and hopefully , it get through the closing phase and can share more detail soon . okay . and just one more on Canada , it guess , can it kind of talk a little bit about just the rest of the contract it guy have there ? and it just want to make sure that it feel pretty good about the contractual protection that exist within the remain canadian business . and as it kind of see that go forward , how it should kind of think about the risk profile of at least get all it - the present value of those cash flow that it kind of expect to get ? Kevin Paprzycki yes , yes . great question , Ashwin . for - if it look at it Canadian EBITDA as a whole , it think it be important to keep in mind that 60 % to 70 % of that EBITDA be in Saskatchewan . those asset , it feel , be pretty well position . and then it have get the carbon capture project up there , which have be a huge , huge underpublicized success for SaskPower . it have be run 2 year straight capture some 90 % plus or minus of carbon . so the EBITDA in Saskatchewan , it feel very confident about . in term of Alberta , the Genesee contract it have deriske highly because of the Cap Power payment that it just receive . but it think that mine will run out into the 2030s at the very , very bad case . and it think there be upside when folk in Alberta figure out what everything it be do be eventually go to cost it ratepayer up there . but it think the bad - case scenario be it derisk this with Capital Power . all of it contract ensure that it be not go to have any strand capital up there . and it just think there - it think it be still pretty well position across all it contract , both in Canada and the US , when it look at the high ton and it look at the high cash flow generator that , in discussion with it customer , it feel confidently those be go to run for the long term . okay . and then one more , if it may and it be maybe more comment , but it will just throw it out there anyway . but when it look at this business and it just say , okay , if it look at the cash flow at San Juan plus the parent ex MLP , and it kind of run that off and use any kind of reasonable discount rate , to it , it get a stock price that be well in excess of where this be where it be kind of currently trade today . and that be kind of more of a runoff value , not think about than any potential future growth opportunity it may guy pursue in the future . but it guess it would be interested to hear it thought on kind of where it guy kind of fall out on something like that . and if it can get something do accretive at the MLP , then obviously , that make it well . but any thought on that would be great . Ashwin , this be Gary . it will take the simple way out of answer that question and say , it agree . it mean , it ’ margin protect , great visibility business with long - term contract . so to it point , the base business relative to the parent and the San Juan debt do not present a problem . clearly , when it look at the MLP , it see that maturity at end of 2018 in an entity that have a significantly high leverage ratio than the parent . and that be , again , something need to be address that it be work on , caveate by it desire not to do anything dilutive at the parent and only accretive at the parent . so it would just - long answer to a question , but it would just simply say , yes , it agree . all right .  , guy . it will hop back for the other guy today . it next question come from the line of Mark Levin from Seaport Global . please proceed with it question . yes . hi , guy . just follow up on Ashwin 's question there a second ago and maybe not think out into the long , long , long term . but 2018 and it know it be way too early to be think about guidance , it get it . but just give kind of the way the stock be act this morning , it almost give it the sort of feeling when it look at the free cash flow yield , that all of a sudden , next year in 2018 , there be some massive cliff . so when it think just preliminarily , and it be not ask for specific number by any mean , but just think very much from a top - down level , 2018 plus and minus versus ' 17 from an EBITDA and free cash flow perspective , how may one think about what ' 18 would look like ? what be the plus and what be the minus versus ' 17 ?  , Mark . it be Gary .  for the question . it be go to start with a reminder that even though there be a step - down , which it will touch on here in a minute , that when it look at the maturity and the debt that sit at the parent , it have sufficient cash flow to meet that debt . it think that be misunderstood , so obviously , it be go to spend some time get people refocus on that . but when it think about 2018 , there be obviously a step - down in Cap Power . so it have the operate management contract piece of that business , about $ 2 million to $ 3 million annually . that continue . it have , it be go to call , between $ 8 million and $ 12 million additional a year for the capital reimbursement piece . that be the part that it accelerate , so that $ 8 million to $ 10 million piece go away . it have talk about Kemmerer , the potential for Naughton Unit 3 to go away . it would tell it that it be in discussion there , and as it be with all these piece . it will see what happen . San Juan , it have talk about unit 1 and 4 go away , which be probably a , let it call it a $ 20 million to $ 25 million step down . and it have talk about the potential Colstrip 1 and 2 go away , but again , it be an area where it be in discussion . the positive , the offset piece , obviously , it satisfy , remove the Coal Valley cash burn . and the same could be say for ROVA . the ability to get cash collateral back to ROVA offset those item . again , it be just go to encapsulate the total answer in , even with those step - down , when it look at it debt , the maturity ladder and the debt at the parent , sufficient cash flow to meet it obligation there . Kevin Paprzycki say differently , this be a big transition year , and it think ' 18 will probably solidify it at a solid cash flow level that be go to last for a long period of time . got it . appreciate it . and then when it think about ROVA , maybe follow up on Ashwin 's question relate to Coal Valley , maybe it can give it some more color in term of timing expectation . what be realistic - what be potential realistic outcome as it try to think about that go forward ? Kevin Paprzycki give the great work the team have do here , as it come into Q4 , restructure that contract and work so that it be provide it capacity payment through purchase contract instead of actually keep the plant at standby , it take some , it think , $ 12 million or $ 14 million of cash burn out of ROVA from the ' 17 through end of ' 18 time frame . so it have already be a good job . what it be leave with be a physical asset that have some value back in the PJM market , and that asset could have potential value as a coal burner . it be one of the more modern coal - fire plant . but it also have value just base on it location and potentially use other source , include gas . so it think , again , on both process , it be pleased at the progress it have make , narrow it down to a specific path on each and - but that say , sometimes these contract take a while to get across the finish line . and it have see that happen in over the past 5 year , certainly . but it be pretty optimistic that it be go close on both these transaction here sometime in 2017 . great . and one last question , Kevin and Gary . be there - as it sit here , it think it be in May , so it be almost halfway through the year . be it - when it look at the bottom end of it free cash flow guidance , be there anything out there , anything that could happen within the realm of reason that would drive it below the bottom end 5 month in ? be there anything that could happen that would do that ? Kevin Paprzycki Mark , it have talk historically about it model and it dependency on 2 thing . and the first be weather . so boy , if this be an incredibly mild summer to fall , that would push it down there . and then it always have the risk of unexpected outage , and that be both on the customer side and it side . so it do not see either of those thing happen , but it still think it be go to come in pretty solidly within it guidance range . but it be not - it be pretty well insulate from all the swing that the other coal company have , and it think that be the strength of it model . but be it immune to weather , be it immune to outage ? certainly not . got it . great .  , guy . it appreciate it . it next question come from the line of Jeff Kalicka from Mangrove Partners . please proceed with it question . Nathaniel August august on for Jeff . it be just try to make sure that it understand the bridge to EBITDA next year . so it think the first thing it obviously need to do be remove the $ 47 million Capital Power gain . and then if it look at the sort of 2 know and 2 potential other reduction , could it be down below $ 200 million next year on a bridge basis ? yes . it mean , August , it be Gary . when it talk to the Q4 call , it - again , ahead of give 2018 guidance , tough to provide too much color . but it talk about around $ 200 million . it will obviously be put a much sharp pencil to that as it go through this year and ensure guidance with it later , but think in term of $ 200 million as a baseline . Nathaniel August okay . that ’ very helpful .  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from the line of Lucas Pipes from FBR . please proceed with it question . it want to ask a question on the Cap Power prepayment or repayment . Would it mind just share kind of how it flow ? it assume it be not include in canadian segment revenue , but it would appreciate some perspective on that . Kevin Paprzycki Lucas , it actually be . so if it look at the adjusted EBITDA table , and it will just reset the math a little bit . it collect $ 52 million in Q1 , 5 - 2 . about $ 2 million of that flow through what it be go to call normal EBITDA in canadian segment . got it . okay . that be very helpful . it appreciate that . and it - so in term of Canada , against it number , it look like revenue be a little light than normal . be that just a function of the rebuild that it talk about or anything else kind of out of the ordinary go on there during the quarter ? Kevin Paprzycki yes , it have 2 fairly significant dragline outage this quarter , and it impact it ability to get ton out . and it think the guy do a good job resolve it , but it be not something it have in the plan . so it think it be see volume down , it be see revenue down . that be the big EBITDA driver . other than that , it think there be some normal part of the mine plan where it be work through some more challenging condition . and it model allow it generally to recoup those cost over time . but the dragline outage be the big driver in term of the lost volume and cash flow out of Canada . got it . and then on Coal Valley . it - it have hear some rumbling that one way British Columbia may , it guess , retaliate be the good word , against U.S. lumber tariff be via a carbon tax on thermal coal export . and it have hear that may include thermal coal export from Alberta as well . do it have any perspective on that ? Would appreciate it thought . Kevin Paprzycki it be still pretty early right now . and it think , clearly it have one person up there in BC who be lobby for a retaliatory tax or ban on export coal . it do not think there be a great deal of substance there . it do not think there be any type of draft go on in term of bill . and frankly , it do not think it be get a lot of support across the country up there . so it be talk to it adviser . it be certainly keep tab . but the other thing it would add in there be that it seem to be direct more towards because it be retaliatory , more towards the US . and so if that be to happen , there actually could be some upside be a canadian coal exporter . there could be some upside for Westmoreland . so it will see , but it think there be lot of give and take and balance that be go to have to happen across the canadian province up there . but it be all - to it , it be all very early , and it be monitor it closely . all right . well , appreciate it perspective and good luck . Kevin Paprzycki it next question come from the line of Michael Salshutz from BMO Capital Markets . please proceed with it question . Michael Salshutz  . just a quick question , it know the q be not available yet . Can it give it any color around San - what kind of EBITDA be generate at San Juan in the first quarter ? actually , the EBITDA , Q will be out shortly . top of it head , it do not have the San Juan EBITDA . but it remember it have a solid quarter , so it will see that here when the q come out . Kevin Paprzycki it have a solid quarter . and again , it think it be worth mention , to the credit of it operating team at San Juan , it have hit just about every metric it have lay out since it buy that mine . and it be just turn out to be an incredible - incredibly consistent operation and hat off to those guy . 