it will start on slide six of the presentation . it net income for the fourth quarter be approximately $ 233 million and it diluted earning per share be $ 1.62 . for the full year , it net income be $ 1,016 million and it earning per share be a record $ 6.83 . for the full year 2018 it EPS increase by 6 % , drive by the strong underlying performance of it business as well as by share repurchase . the low net income in the fourth quarter be primarily due to a low maintenance contribution as it transition a number of aircraft during the quarter . it also have mark - to - market loss of approximately $ 21 million in the fourth quarter relate to it interest rate cap , which it use for hedge it interest rate exposure . for the full year this line item be about flat as it have mark - to - market gain during the first three quarter of the year . on slide seven , over the past year it book value per share have increase by 10 % to $ 62.95 reflect another year of strong growth . it share outstanding decrease by around 10 million share during 2018 , as a result of it share repurchase program . and it have now repurchase as Gus mention around 37 % of the company ’s outstanding share . on slide eight , it total revenue be approximately $ 1,220 million for the fourth quarter and $ 4,800 million for the full year . it basic lease rent for the quarter be $ 1051 million continue the growth it see in the third quarter as it take delivery of new aircraft and grow it aircraft asset . it maintenance revenue for the fourth quarter be $ 102 million , this be low than the fourth quarter of 2017 when it have high than normal maintenance revenue . it net gain on sale be approximately $ 41 million for the fourth quarter , which be a slight decrease from around $ 49 million last year , the dollar volume of sale be also a little lower compare to the fourth quarter of 2017 . throughout the past year it have continue to see very strong demand from buyer of use aircraft and it sell 27 of it own aircraft during the fourth quarter . it other income in the fourth quarter be high than last year , primarily due to inventory sale . turn to slide nine , it net interest margin be $ 749 million for the fourth quarter . it average leased asset for the quarter grow by approximately $ 1.6 billion year - over - year due to high CapEx in 2018 . it average cost of debt be 4.1 % for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year with the increase from 2017 , drive primarily by the roll off of fair value of debt relate to purchase accounting . it net spread be 8.2 % for the fourth quarter and 8.4 % for the full year in line with it guidance . the decrease from 2017 be due to the low average age and longer average remain lease term of it fleet . over the past year , it have reduce the average age of it fleet from 6.8 year to 6.3 year through a combination of capex and sale . at the same time it average remain lease term have now move out to 7.4 year , which be one of the long in the industry and long than any of it publicly list U.S. peer . that ’ due to the fact that it be place almost all of it new aircraft on 12 year lease and it be also place many of it use aircraft on long lease term . it net spread less depreciation be 3.2 % for the full year , an increase over 3 % in 2017 as the average age of it fleet have fall it depreciation rate have also decrease although it ’ still well above the standard industry rate . effectively in 2018 it continue to generate strong return on it portfolio , with a low age and a long lease term . on slide 10 , it net gain on sale be $ 41 million for the fourth quarter , as it sell 27 of it own aircraft with an average age of 16 year . that result in sale of around $ 515 million for the quarter and about $ 2.2 billion for the full year . it gain on sale margin be around 8.5 % for the fourth quarter and about 10 % for the full year . as it mention , it have continue to see strong demand from buyer for it midlife and old aircraft . turn to aircraft purchase , the fourth quarter be an exceptional one for AerCap as it take delivery of 37 new aircraft for capex of $ 2.5 billion , which be a new record for it . for the full year , it take delivery of 76 aircraft , also a record for total capex of around $ 5.9 billion . and to put this in perspective , it be roughly equivalent to the fleet of a midsized aircraft leasing company . next slide . it continue to focus on make it platform more efficient , it SG&A expense be around $ 71 million for the quarter , a decrease of about 26 % from $ 96 million last year . for the full year , it SG&A expense be down around 12 % from 2017 . this be mainly due to a reduction in it headcount and it compensation relate expense , include to it stock - base compensation expense . it maintenance right expense be about $ 36 million for the fourth quarter , down from around $ 76 million in 2017 . this be primarily drive by the low maintenance right asset balance , which have come down substantially since 2014 , and be now around $ 1.1 billion . it other leasing expense be around $ 90 million for the fourth quarter , an increase from about $ 66 million last year . as it mention in last quarter 's call , it expect the expense to be a little high than normal in the fourth quarter as a result of aircraft transition . on slide 12 , it continue to maintain a very strong liquidity position . as of December 31 , it have available liquidity of $ 10 billion . together with it operate cash flow , that give it total cash source of $ 13.2 billion , which be 1.4 time it cash need over the next 12 month . this amount to excess cash coverage of around $ 3.6 billion . it raise around $ 6.9 billion of financing during 2018 from a wide variety of source , include public unsecured bond , unsecured loan , and secure loan . maintain this diversity of funding source be a critical aspect of it strategy and it will continue to seek out new source of liquidity around the world . it end the year with a debt to equity ratio of 2.86 to 1 . over the past few year , it generally operate in this area of around 2.8 to 1 debt to equity . and go forward , it be go to target a debt to equity ratio of 2.8 to 1 . of course the actual level will vary from quarter - to - quarter . and it expect that sometimes it will be slightly high and sometimes it will be slightly low . but that be the level it will target . so to wrap up , 2018 be an excellent year for AerCap . it continue to make good progress in place it new aircraft it be now 95 % place through the end of 2020 . around 95 % of it least rent for the next three year be already contract give it good visibility on it future revenue and cash flow . it sell 91 of it own aircraft last year and purchase 76 aircraft for it big CapEx year ever . and the result of this activity it be over $ 1 billion of net income , a record $ 6.83 of EPS and double - digit growth in it book value per share . once again , it end the quarter in a very strong liquidity and capital position and it have now announce the new share repurchase program for $ 200 million . with that now it will turn it over for Q&A. question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] and it will know take it first question from Jamie Baker . please go ahead . it line be open . hey ,  guy . this be Nish Mani , on for Jamie . it want to ask it a question about portfolio sale in the industry and potential consolidation . it mean , GE continue to talk about that it have receive a lot of inbound offer for GECAS , but have recently say it be not for sale . so it just want to clarify from it perspective , could it see AerCap buy either chunk of the portfolio or the entire thing outright if it be to ever hit the market ? Niche , from it perspective that ’ quite clear what it would think represent the good value in aircraft acquisition in the world today , and that be quite clearly buy it at a discount to book when it have be able to consistently for the last 13 year and 52 quarter sound sell it own midlife part of it fleet at a gain for book value and redeploy that capital into the residual portfolio of AerCap , which be increase in quality all the time . and so , as it look at the world today , that be the most attractive use of it fund . okay , that be helpful . in term of Avianca Brazil it mean , obviously , it guy do not make the same significant bet on that credit unlike some of it peer . and it be just hope it can get some clarity as to why -- it mean be this a situation where it underwriting team kind of see perceive risk in the marketplace relate to that credit specifically . or have it guy be expose to Brazil kind of through other credit . and it be just wonder kind of how both the Avianca Brazil situation specifically , but also Brazil as a whole as an entire credit kind of how it guy think about that in light of what could be some Cape Town , Shenanigans for lack of a well term . look , it be not in there , of course that the way it -- the strength of the business be the process , the procedure , the result take care of it , if it do thing right all the way through from the bottom up . and when it look at any airline credit , it have two set of credit team that go out to it . one be purely a traditional credit analyst team that it would associate with a bank or rating agency it provide a rating on the airline and then opinion . the second be a technical audit that be do of the airline 's capability to manage the airplane successfully . and that be also give a rating . and those two be use to determine whether or not it want to do business with the airline . thereafter , it then put in place a security package that will reflect the risk associate with that airline . but far more important in that , frankly be a culture , it have always say this . it be not the ultimate magnitude of it response to an opportunity or threaten this business , that be term of success , but the velocity . and that be something where historically it can not think of an occasion where any lessor have be ahead of AerCap , when it come to action . thing do not get well by do nothing . and recent example for it be it do have a big exposure in Shaheen in Pakistan . it have double - digit airplane there , but it have it all out in a matter of week . and while it be take it out of much more difficult jurisdiction than Brazil , it almost -- it already have the airplane be sell and release . but that be the scale and power of AerCap , which be unmatched elsewhere in the business . understand . and then just to kind of redouble on Brazil as kind of an economy in general . it mean , have what be happen in Avianca kind of specifically change it perspective on do business in Brazil ? no , it have not at all . and it do business in Brazil , it always have do business in Brazil . it know the risk when it go into a country like that , it be the same in India . absolutely not . it be about it own capability to deal there be what be far more important . that be very helpful .  it so much for the time . it will now take it next question from Ross Harvey . please go ahead , it line be open . hi , good afternoon . it be wonder just give yesterday 's rating upgrade of Avalon and the recent upgrade of like of Aircastle to investment grade . do it believe there be positive movement potential for the credit of AerCap ? well , Ross , it certainly think an upgrade be warrant . as it look out at the recent positive rating action on a number of the other player in the industry , it think that be encouraging . but it also believe AerCap compare very favorably to all of it . it be last upgrade in 2016 and early 2017 and as it look out at it own credit profile now versus then it be clear that over the past three year it be improve considerably . so yes , it think an upgrade be warrant and obviously it would welcome it . great . and just a quick follow - up , with the 2018 core EPS have not come in ahead of the original CMD guidance . just wonder what be it thought on the 2019 EPS guide ? yes , so for 2018 it have say on the last call that it would be at the top end of the range of $ 5.30 to $ 5.50 of core EPS for 2018 and it actually end up at $ 5.65 . so a little high than that . for 2019 , it still think it will be in the range of $ 6 to $ 6.20 that ’ where it be estimate today of core EPS . okay ,  very much . it would now take it next question Moshe Orenbuch . please go ahead , it line be open great ,  . follow up on the guidance , it guess , it have improve it spread ex - depreciation have be improve . just talk about the dynamic and how that will look in 2019 and forward ? sure , yes , so for 2019 and then it mention this on the previous call as well it expect it will be around 3 % , which be consistent this in 2018 it be a little high than that at 3.2 % . but fundamentally as it look at that it say 2017 it be 3 % , 2018 a little high 3.2 % and some of that ’ due to timing of maintenance amortization and thing like that . 2019 it will be 3 % , but the main point be that it be get a consistent return on a let it say portfolio that have a low age and longer remain lease term , so a more stable portfolio from it perspective . got it . and as a follow - up , it be quite impressed actually that it buy back quite a bit of stock in Q4 re - upped it buyback , but also kind of go to essentially more conservative capital kind of leverage target all for same time that it be talk about kind of record delivery . so maybe could it kind of just -- it mean be there something in there that ’ -- it ’ which be those piece be allow it to kind of do a little more than what it kind of expect go into Q4 in 2019 ? it think , Moshe , that ’ one of the reason it highlight the cash flow generate capability of the company at the beginning of the call . it have generate over $ 15 billion of operate cash flow and buy back 37 % of the company , while it significantly delevere a very large balance sheet in that timeframe . and so , what it see on the fourth quarter be again just a microcosm of what ’ be happen with the business over the course for the last five year . this business rapidly turn GAAP net income into hard cash . great ,  very much . it will now take it next question from Helane Becker . please go ahead , it line be open . Unidentified Analyst hey , guy . this be actually [ indiscernible ] in for Helane . it just have a question on the sweep over the next couple of year . so it be go to take about 360 aircraft over the next five year it own fleet right now be just under 1,000 . it be just try to figure out what it sweet spot in term of size ? it mean clearly result have be very , very strong over the past five year but that ’ in an environment where it fleet have be around 1,000 . so be there like a material upsize that be large than that go forward ? it think it should say that the fleet in absolute number of unit be much big actually five year ago . it be 1,400 plus , plus a significant manage portfolio as well . now in term of dollar of course the balance sheet be a little bit big than it be then and the strategy so from a management perspective clearly it could manage a much big number as it have do in the past . and it have to make sure from a dollar perspective that it balance sheet be able to grow and if it be to take the fleet backup . but it think what ’ very important when it come to asset acquisition be make sure that it keep it discipline . it buy airplane that it customer want , not the one Boeing and Airbus want to sell it and not the one where it see struggle demand . so focus be on return here not size , that ’ the key where it be steward of it money and it have to make sure that it get the good risk reward return for that money that it have give it . Unidentified Analyst okay , great . and then Pete just on the impairment , can it just give a little detail about what the aircraft be that it impair in the quarter ? and if there be -- if there ’ any issue or any potential impairment go forward that it should be aware of ?  . sure , it be across a few -- be very small number on a few different aircraft all relate to either aircraft sale or lease termination . so in those case that ’ where it be recognize the maintenance revenue and which -- a lot of which it recognize during the third quarter some in the fourth quarter and then it be also see an impairment on the other side . so the maintenance revenue more than offset the amount of impairment during the quarter . and then , on the sale side , it be really where it have portfolio sale where it recognize the gain , when the aircraft actually be transfer . but it have to recognize the loss upfront . that be why it see , a few very small impairment on a handful of aircraft . Unidentified Analyst it will now take it next question from Michael Linenberg . please go ahead , it line be open . Michael Linenberg yes , hey .  , everyone . just a few here , Peter in it commentary talk about the strength of sort of midlife and old aircraft strengthen demand continue to be good . what it think be drive that ? be that fuel price moderate more recently ? be it the inability of airline to maybe procure some of the next generation or the new generation aircraft ? because many of the order book or delivery schedule be basically , it can not lock up , it can not get anything for several year ? what be drive that demand ? a - Peter Juhas well , Mike , what it can tell it be that here in Dublin in January , at the global finance conference there be about 4,000 participant here come from the -- mainly the airline side , the lessor , investor , airline , manufacturer , mro , all participant in the industry and the industry be just mature an awful lot . and what it see for it good use airplane be a very strong bid . and it have focus a portfolio on those type of aircraft over the course of the last five , six year and to focus around the 320 family , the 737 NG family , the 330 family and the 777 family . and those use airplane have very good demand for it because it have such wide user basis . Michael Linenberg okay , great . that make sense . and then just , Gus , another question to it , sort of a two part on Airbus . obviously , the A380 be never an airplane that that it really participate in , or do not participate in at all . but the fact be , there be a lot of seat on those airplane and there be still a decent number of outstanding order . at the end of the day , those airline that maybe use the A380 be go to use other -- it be go to be out there look at other airplane , it be already see some replacement order . Can it talk about maybe potential opportunity with the A380 go by the wayside from a customer perspective . and then from an Airbus perspective , it will allow Airbus to at least concentrate it resource on build out it other platform which be quite good . and it be just curious how it think about some of the conversation around a long range narrow body this A321neo , XLR 8 to 10 hour of flying , be that an airplane that make sense in this world ? let it start with the 380 and the very large airplane section of the market . the 380 be a niche market . yes , it be quite a number of seat of course , but when it think about the number that could easily get hover up by what be go to be cancel out about order book by 50 or 60 , A350 - 1000 and another 30 or 40 , A350 - 900 or combination of a a330neo-900 . so it think that it will have a positive impact for sure there be no question about that those airplane leave will at the margin increase demand for certain in demand new technology asset and probably extend the life to be fair of 777 - 300ERs and a330s also . turn to the middle of the market asset and Airbus clearly have a great airplane in the A321 . take that airplane to eight , nine hour , the question be in that size of a cube , what be the passenger reaction go to be . and what be it ability to carry freight that far as well . these be thing that have to be work out before it can be certain that aircraft will be a success fly that length . certainly at the moment , in the five to six hour stage the A321 be the leader in the space at the moment . when it get to eight plus hour on a narrow body , be there enough real estate in the cabin to satisfy what a custom minimum level of customer service it have to provide . and also in the belly , can it carry any phrase that length of a trip . these be question that have to be ask . and it would have to look at the airframe as well as whether any improvement that have to be make to the engine that currently power the 321 . Michael Linenberg okay , great .  , it appreciate it response  it . it will now take it next question from Rajeev Lalwani . please go ahead , it line be open . hi , gentleman . Aengus , a question for it this may even be for Peter , on the aircraft finance market there have be lot of comment out there about it be overheat , be that something that it share and be it a risk or an opportunity for AerCap if it do believe that that be the case ? well , let it just give a few opening comment , again , virtually all the bank in the world be here in Dublin in January at the Air Finance Conference that lend in the sector there be hundred and hundred of it . and it think that as the industry have mature it think bank have understand a lot well the durability of the collateral of good aircraft collateral . and it think that have bring it in and what it have see in it view be a realignment of spread and what use to be a niche industry aircraft lease into a much big industry , which have much big follow in the bank market and where spread now just match where it be and similarly raise it industry elsewhere . yes , and from it perspective , Rajeev , what it be focus on in finance AerCap be really the breadth of demand globally . so it do not see it as be overheat , but what it be try to do be go to place where there ’ untapped liquidity in the market , it go to Japan for instance it have get 24 bank in Japan that it work with , it have get 23 bank in Taiwan . so it be go to those place to get additional funding . and it have find a lot of receptivity there . but it tend to not be -- it ’ not a huge jump immediately it take time to develop those relationship and it ’ something that it do overtime . okay . and then , just as a follow up , it guy provide some good color on aircraft that it get sign up over the next few year as far as it order book , can it maybe provide a little bit of color on how lease term differ rate , et cetera between which be deliver say in 2019 and which it maybe have lock up in 2021 . generally it ’s -- try to see if term have change at all or it ’ all pretty consistent versus what it have in this year ? it will be reasonably consistent of course there ’ always put and take in different transaction depend on the credit it be deliver to et cetera . the big outlier of course will be interest rate , but it do not really make a net difference if it be run a hedge book because the rise in rate that generate a high lease rental will be offset by the high interest cost . so it would say that broadly it would be similar with the odd then put and take . helpful ,  it . it will now take it next question from Mark DeVries . please go ahead , it line be open . yes ,  . be the roughly $ 1 billion of aircraft sale and $ 300 million of buyback still the guide for 2019 or be there additional room for more sale or buyback . and also how do it think about those two item in 2020 ? well in 2019 it have guide $ 1 billion as it have do in prior year and if it feel that the market be there and it receive adequate return for the airplane that it wish to sell then it will continue to sell in above that $ 1 billion as it have do in prior year . so it be very consistent in what it do here and what it can expect to see be more of the same if the market continue . and then , it ’ highly likely of course give the opportunity set that it have for the capital it free up to use some of that to increase the buyback program in 2020 it ’ just too early to comment . okay ,  it . and then just a follow up on some of the funding comment . it mean , notwithstanding whether or not the rating agency recognize it financial strength where the rating upgrade . how do it think about the potential to improve funding cost here , be some of those effort it just allude to in term of tap other market be that more about just expand the breadth of excess liquidity it actually think there ’ some funding improvement it can generate from that ? there be instance where it can get low funding cost , it mean , as it look out across all the different area it have always get unsecured bond , it have get unsecured bank loan , it have get secure deal as well and it tap all of those different area . and so sometimes it will see like it see in the fourth quarter where the U.S. unsecured bond market widen substantially , right . and so , as it look out at it different funding option , it will say it do not see a similar widening in the unsecured bank loan market , for example . and it raise about $ 500 million from that market in the fourth quarter . and so , it think that be a good example of how it use these different tool to lower it funding cost . and it would say that that be at a significantly low spread than where the unsecured market be in December , it be the good part of 100 basis point inside of it . and that be where it have to make sure that it have access to all type of funding that be available around the world at any give time . and the other thing it should note be that when it disclose it funding cost in it presentation , it be the all - in cost it see , it do not strip out fee , it do not strip out original issue or discount or any other component of the debt , it get the fully load actual cost from it . okay , that be helpful .  it . it will now take it next question from Kristine Liwag . please go ahead , it line be open .  , guy . for the aircraft that it have place in 2020 and 2021 , in which region of the world do it place these aircraft ? and do it have a sense on what percent of it be for replacement versus growth ? it be be fairly widely spread . it would say consistent with what it see in traffic number . the european market have be quite good over the course of the last year and continue to be , and it see strength there . of course , there have be some small failure in Europe , but it be small not great business model , there be not great management team . and not surprisingly , it go away . but overall in Europe , it see a reasonably good market with good placement there . on the new aircraft side , China have be a huge driver . and it place a lot of airplane in China last year and it continue to do so . and if it look even right now , RFPs that be open in China total over 150 airplane just right now . and so that be a pretty strong market and that continue to pull along some of the country of course in Southeast Asia . okay . and Gus , follow up on that with the recent -- it guess in the past few year , it have see the chinese company really invest in aircraft leasing . have that change the dynamic at all for rfp for chinese airline ? and how be it like today when it be compete there ? be it also compete with the chinese lessor ' source ? of course it be , yes . but it be the big player in China and it have be for a long time and it look like it be go to be for a long time to come give where it order book be and the level of it success it have over there it be a huge market it all spend a tremendous amount of time in China . so that market be still there . it would note however , that these chinese lessor do not have infinite amount of capital as witness this week by the event at Ming Chang [ ph ] . who be one of the aggressive startup chinese lease company over the course of the last couple of year . and it be fair to say that it have see in the sale leaseback market be cool there and it do bid in the sale and leaseback every week as it say before , and it be not yet at level where it would be attractive to it . but it certainly do see a cooling as some of these player obviously do not have infinite amount of capital . that be helpful . and then switch gear to the A320neo , what have be the customer feedback that it have get as airline operate aircraft with the Leap 1a engine versus the gear turbofan ? it mean , it be still place both in big size . it think the good evidence it can give it be that it decide last year to default a customer who it be go to deliver six A320neo to . and this be an example of AerCap ’s culture as well . it be not go to wait around and see whether the airline be there or not . it know that with it infrastructure , it would be able to move the airplane it be just start to deliver in 2019 . and these be GTF power A320neo . it have the package of it place within four week , and it have two airline that want to package that both operate the GTF . so while there be difficulty that be without doubt with the GTF , and it be frustrating for the operator . the fuel burn saving that come from that engine , as well as the CSM engine be very significant . as one large carrier say to it , look , it be 18 % , it be 18 % if it have to have a few down day , okay , it ’ unfortunate it will get compensate for it , but ultimately these be very big saving . that be helpful ,  it . it will now take it next question from Kevin Crissey . please go ahead , it line be open .  it for the time . Can it talk about -- do it take opinion on the anti - trust immunity joint venture application ? because it imagine that some of it could be view as anti - competitive and therefore reduce the growth of some other competitor . do it as a general rule make any view on those type of thing ? it have not object to any of the airline joint venture that have be put in place as part of the anti - trust process . it do think that it have enhance the stability of airline over the course of the last several year . but in reality , it need to be metal neutral jv , which mean profit sharing jv . and if it be not that , it be not as effective really for the carrier . but it have -- it do believe that there be positive for the industry overall . and it would be supportive of it because it do bring stability and particularly because where it focus on tend to be the long haul part of the market where stability be welcome with the big airplane . Terrific ,  it . it mention as part of the SG&A the headcount reduction , can it talk about the strategy there give the growth that it have see ? and be it just a matter of get more efficient and can it just talk about that a little ? yes , it be just a matter of get more efficient . it have an office , very small office in Fort Lauderdale that it close last year and combine that in with it Los Angeles office . and so that be really the majority of that headcount reduction . it be only talk about 15 people or so here . 