AMC network deliver solid result in the third quarter and it remain on track to meet it financial target for the full year . it continue to deliver on it key financial objective , include grow adjust operating income , generate strong free cash flow and use it capital to position the business for the long term . AMC Networks be well on it way to strategically transform it from a cable channel company into a premier content company with a suite of focused and target video entertainment product that be deliver to viewer on an ever expand array of platform . these include it linear tv channel carry by traditional and new virtual mvpd ’s , it target direct - to - consumer streaming service , it digital platform on social medium , and anywhere else that viewer consume content today and will in the future . as it say previously , the underlying strategic priority fuel this transformation have and continue to be create , own and produce great content and valuable intellectual property and maximize monetization of that content . develop and grow new target direct - to - consumer content offering and brand , maximize the long term value of it core network and brand by partner with distributor and advertiser , by grow and extend it loyal audience and diversify it revenue by develop new avenue of content monetization . these be the key pillar on it road map to continue success , and it be execute on each of it in a very dynamic and obviously competitive environment . there be two prevail and related medium trend that be captivate it attention today . the first relate to pressure around the cable ecosystem , as a result of what many refer to as cord - cut and associate change consumer behavior . the second relate to the so call streaming Wars as large company would access to significant resource and IP bulk - up to attract consumer for it general interest streaming service that be frequently package with other non - video product . AMC Networks be execute on a plan that will enable it to thrive alongside these major change that be recur in it industry , as it capitalize on unique opportunity around both of these trend . it have a few competitive advantage that be clear and simple and be drive it transformation and will drive it future success in this change environment . first , it company continue to fundamentally be define by it strong content . today , through it AMC Studios operation it own and control roughly 90 % of the original script series that it deliver to viewer on it linear network and on it streaming platform , more than it ever have before . represent a major change from when it enter the original content business a little more than a decade ago . today , it be the position to optimize it content by use it in different way without a one size fit all approach to each piece of content or each series . it be develop new monetization pattern and strategically windowe each series across it various network and streaming platform , while build a strong library of acclaimed and award winning show . for instance , the monetization plan for the new upcoming third series in the walk dead Universe be this : it do a deal earlier this with Amazon to distribute that series internationally , outside of territory where it AMC global channel will air it . however , in the U.S. it be hold back right that it have traditionally sell to third party . so domestically it will not sell the svod right to this third Walking dead series , but rather the series will be use to fuel it own platform , both streaming as well as linear , as it window it and take full advantage of the opportunity that it present for it . however on a different show amc ’s recent successful genre series call Nosferatu , it premiere that first on it linear amc channel in the U.S. then it go to two of it streaming platform , it horror , suspense service call Shudder , and it ad free AMC Premier offer drive new subscriber to both of those platform . a third variation – it have a great series call this Discovery of Witches . it debut earlier this year on it streaming platform Shudder and Sundance now where it drive for us record usage and subscriber acquisition before make it way to it linear AMC Channel where deliver strong rating . these example illustrate how it multiple platform be create increasingly varied past to monetization and significant and different opportunity for it intellectual property , content engine . this all allow it to build an expand library of own content . to give that a little dimension , by year - end among it studio asset will be nearly 500 episode from own series , include the walk dead , fear the walk dead , Halt and Catch Fire , turn the Terror , Nosferatu , and many other . that ’ an addition to the 1000 or so film in it film library that it have gain through it IFC Films Operation over the last 20 year . and as it tv Series come off it exhibition window on main stream streaming service such as Netflix , Amazon , Hulu , it will then come back to it AMC Networks for the first time , represent a new business opportunity as it make determination around the optimal utilization of that content . in term of Future Global Licensing , expression within it own ecosystem of svod service , as well as it use on linear and global channel . another competitive advantage of it company have to do with the very nature of it own direct to consumer effort , some of which it just mention . these target hyper focus svod service be thrive and it believe will continue to thrive alongside what some may call the something for everyone svod category that be become more crowded and competitive by the day , among the major player in what appear to be a pretty big share battle that may put downward pressure on the retail price for it service . the economic fundamental around these target service have great attribute and be in some case particularly for a company like our , superior to the general entertainment SVOD category as there ’ not the same pressure on retail price and there be not the same share battle . for example , it Acorn tv british streaming service take a $ 1 price increase several month ago and it growth pattern continue . in addition to Acorn TV , the large of it service , it have Shudder , it horror and suspense service , Sundance now with acclaimed series and film and the urban focus UMC , Urban Movie Channel . as it grow subscriber to these target series , it see that the deep fan of a genre will sign up and stick with the service it identify with and feel strongly about , while aggressively price and package general entertainment offering from Netflix , Apple , Disney , HBO Max and other proliferate and become very successful . it approach in this area , build specific target svod offering that appeal to fan of specific genre and content category now , have lead it to invest and produce original material as it have develop sufficient scale for that to be economically rational for those target service . and that activity , this original programming be yield strong growth , as well as stable user base and favorable economic for it . Acorn tv recently pass the 1 million subscriber threshold , an important milestone that underscore the vitality of the special interest svod market . it suspense and horror service , Shudder be also grow at a very strong rate , drive most recently by it exclusive and grow content slate , include it new original series call Creep Show , which be right in the sweet spot for this genre . the series be base on the iconic 1982 movie from Stephen King and George Romero and the show have be break - out for this target service , drive more subscriber acquisition than it have ever see and set record in term of viewership and total minute stream . so it just renew that series for a second season . if it may , it will point out that it be not by accident in the area of british centric drama , horror and suspense , prestige series and film and urban programming . it interest in develop service focus on these specific area be quite premeditate and long in planning . these be genre that travel well and have broad appeal in the U.S. and across many part of the globe . it assess the total addressable market in the U.S. alone to be an excess of 10 million sub for each of these service . that represent a tremendous growth opportunity for it in the U.S. , not to mention abroad as broadband penetration continue to grow everywhere . it may remember that on it last call it indicate that it be on target to end the year above a cumulative 2 million subscriber in aggregate for these service , and it be in fact now pace to be ahead of that state target . as it have also previously mention , it anticipate cross 3.5 million to 4 million cumulative sub by 2022 and by 2024 it anticipate be in the 5 million to 7 million subscriber range with over $ 0.5 billion in run rate revenue from those for target service . it will note again that it overall svod approach represent a different , another side of the streaming landscape . while it do not dominate the headline , it represent a very healthy future margin business for it and a very meaningful opportunity for a company of this size , scope and genetic of AMC Networks , and something that will be a true contributor to the fabric of it company and it economic as it go forward . as it continue to diversify and shift away from be solely a U.S. cable channel company , it core network linear group have the ability to continue to have an outsize presence in the world of traditional and virtual nvpd , by consequence of it manageable portfolio size 5 channel , it relatively very low wholesale price to these distributor , and it prove ability to deliver popular and critically acclaim show that get notice and by almost everyone ’s agreement to occupy an outsize cultural presence in the script drama arena . and the grow direct - to - consumer business it just mention be become increasingly attractive to these very MVPD partner as it business model evolve . an example of this be it recent agreement with Charter Communications . in addition to renew it long term affiliate agreement at rate that it be pleased with for continued carriage of it linear channel , Charter will be launch it target svod service : Acorn tv , Shutter , Sundance now and UMC as well as AMC Premier . the scope of this agreement represent a large shift in it relationship with traditional and emerge distributor , who be find it grow svod service to be of significant appeal , especially as it focus on catering to broadband only subscriber . it ability to offer attractive linear , as well as subscription ad free service create a more expanded and advantage relationship with these distributor . value to both it traditional and emerge MVPD partner as it landscape continue to evolve . on it international business , it be continue with the strategy of use it franchise show form amc Studios on it global AMC channel , with show like the Terror and fear the walk Dead continue to perform extremely well overseas . it will also note that it international asset in many territory be a mix of these big franchise show that have global appeal , in addition to locally produce lifestyle content . just one example , Canal Cocina in Spain and Portugal be the lead food channel in that region and it channel call Spectrum be the lead factual channel in Hungary give it a good strong mix of asset across it international footprint . with respect to advertising , as this space evolve , it be focus on embrace all the new opportunity it present ; from work with it MVPD partner in new and strategic way , to mapping AMC Networks strategy around the potential of AVOD . it be see good growth in VOD advertising which be up 20 % year - over - year with increase in spending come particularly from the entertainment and financial category . it be also create new opportunity for brand to leverage the strength of it content and it large and passionate fan community on social platform , as well as through on the ground live event , include premiere for the Walking dead and other fan event , which have help grow it social revenue by 25 % year - over - year . as always these opportunity be root in it strong content and prove ability to build vibrant large and engage fan community around it show . on the subject of content it will offer a few , just a few highlight if it may . it recently agree with two new service for amc that will be AMC studio own and produce show . the first be call 61st Street . it think it ’ a compelling examination of race in America , set against a grip legal cop backdrop in Chicago from the people who do the wonderful series on HBO call the Night of . and a second series title Kevin Can f**k it , a show that be it think a thoroughly breakthrough format . it blend single camera realism and traditional multi camera sitcom comedy in a way that have never be do on tv before . it ’ an arresting format and a great narrative . the walk Dead just return for it 10th season . it continue to attract a very large and very loyal core audience , and even in season 10 continue to be the number one show on ad support cable tv by a two to one margin ahead of American Horror Story . a rank the Walking Dead have hold for 10 year in a row among adult 25 to 54 . Actress Jodie Comer fresh off it good Actress Emmy win for it breakout role in it hit show Killing Eve be back in production with co - star Sandra Oh for an upcoming third season . and in just a few day BBC America will debut something call Wonderstruck , a weekly network takeover that will be the exclusive U.S. television home to the Planet Earth Collection and other iconic series from it partner at the BBC . Wonderstruck will transform BBC America every Saturday for 24hrs , offer viewer and advertiser landmark natural history content , include the upcoming Sir David Attenborough front series , seven Worlds , one planet debut early next year , as well as new installment of Frozen Planet and Planet Earth franchise . natural history programing have see a surge in popularity and interest in recent year and it be happy to have the leadership position in this space to it long term agreement with the BBC , which be it believe simply the good producer of this content on the planet and it look forward to create a new franchise and a weekly view family ritual through Wonderstruck . and it reality focus WE tv network continue to manufacture hit after hit , include two of the most successful franchise series , love after lockup and grow up Hip Hop , which have help contribute to a very strong third quarter . so it will close out by say that as it continue to transition from be a cable channel base company to a contract content centric company , it remain particularly focused on increasingly own and control it content , allow it to do with it what it choose and distribute that content on multiple platform to maximize it value . include it linear channel , sell it to third party where it make sense to do so , and now increasingly put it on it own subscription video on - demand channel . in short , it make the show that people want to watch and it have a structured and strategic approach to deliver it to viewer that be purpose build for where the world be today in term of video consumption and it will move with it to where it go tomorrow . now it would like to turn the call over to Sean for more detail on it financial result .  Josh and  . before it review the result for the quarter and the outlook for the remainder of the year , it want to begin with a few additional comment on it broad strategy of transition from a predominantly portfolio of linear cable network into a premier content company with new multiple distribution growth opportunity . there be three fundamental element that will drive success in this new phase . first element be that it success be root in it content quality and the strength of it own IP . it quality content be it great asset and it will prudently scale it investment with a continued focus on total return . it additional investment will yield increase IP that will continue to expand it brand . it will increasingly invest in own renewal content that serve both it core network , it portfolio SVOD service . it be excited that it svod service have grow to scale where increasingly first window content make economic sense . as part of it IT strategy it will be increase it right portfolio from project it believe in . as evidence by recent library deal in the market , the value of high quality content library continue to grow and will be prudently and selectively reserve right for it own service and library . as Josh mention , it will no longer look to pursue wide range output agreement for it show as it have in the past , instead it will look to maximize asset value for the long term on a project - by - project basis . this mean that it may air it content on linear and sell SVOD , air on svod without linier , air on linier and it svod service together or potentially develop project directly for third party . as always , it be return drive and it will continue to pursue content investment with the high long - tale value . as a result of this shift it may experience continue quarterly earning variability depend on the pace and the number of content opportunity at any one time . as in the past , it will continue to point it to annual guidance rather than quarter - to - quarter result . number two , it will drive continued affiliate and advertising opportunity while maximize the operating efficiency of it linear cable network business through prudent content investment and operate expense management . where those model be challenge , it will continue to innovate . it believe that it core linear business will remain quite profitable and continue to generate significant cash flow for many year to come . and the third element be direct - to - consumer . in area of success it plan to increase it investment in it portfolio d2c service . as Josh mention , the new ecosystem be today dominate by a few player with massive scale . it believe it strategy of focus on service for passion audience be a road map for success in an increasingly crowded marketplace . it intend to expand on the strategy through organic investment and where appropriate through M&A. it have successfully execute on this in the past and will continue to employ it where it make sense . while some company be focus on total volume content investment , it believe content that resonate and aggregate passionate audience be the key to win on linear or the new evolve distribution model , whether that be svod or AVOD . in the year of massive medium shift , it again reaffirm the 2019 guidance it provide it at the beginning of this year . it believe that AMC Networks be unique and that it have a business model that allow it to react quickly to the ever change marketplace . give it size , it have the ability to fine tune it asset to quickly deliver maximum value . it be confident in it core business and believe it be invest prudently for continued success . and it believe it have the management experience and the tool to continue to successfully navigate the change environment . so with that , let it review it financial result for the third quarter . it be pleased with it result in the quarter as total company revenue be $ 719 million , AOI be $ 219 million and adjust EPS be $ 2.33 . the company continue to generate very healthy free cash flow , $ 88 million in the quarter and $ 318 million for the nine month end September 2019 . move to the performance of it operating segment , at the National Networks Q3 revenue be essentially flat at $ 559 million . AOI be $ 208 million , a decrease of 1 % as compare to the prior year period . advertising revenue in the quarter decrease 3 % . at amc the channel , result be influence by low delivery as well as the timing of original , in particular the absence of well call Saul in 2019 . however , growth at each of it other four network BBC America , IFC , Sundance and WE TV , as well as increase pricing across it portfolio of network help to offset the unfavorable comparison . with respect to distribution , distribution revenue increase 1 % . as for the subscription revenue component , revenue be down modestly as compare to the prior year period . in addition to the quarterly fluctuation base on the timing of various agreement renewal and adjustment , it continue to see a moderation mainly due to macro factor . as it mention on it last call , it result continue to also be impact by the interpretation of the contractual provision with one of it distribution partner . absent this item , year - to - date subscription revenue would be up year - over - year . it remain in discussion with this partner and hopeful that it will resolve it difference in the near future . as for the content licensing component of distribution revenue , this line item drive the growth in the quarter . result primarily reflect the availability of the walk Dead , fear the walk Dead , the Son and the Terror , in ancillary window which more than offset the absence of revenue from Dietland in the prior year period . move to expense , total expense be essentially flat versus the prior year period . technical and operating expense increase 1 % to $ 260 million . the variance principally reflect an increase in program amortization relate to the timing and mix of original across it portfolio of network . this increase be partially offset by favorable investment tax credit relate to it production activity . in the quarter , it record $ 1 million in charge relate to write - off in various programming asset . this compare to write - off of $ 11 million in the third quarter of 2018 . SG&A expense be $ 102 million in the third quarter , a decrease of 5 % versus the prior year period . this variance primarily relate to a decrease in marketing cost due to the timing and mix of original , most notably the absence of Better call Saul . move to it international and other segment , in the third quarter international and other revenue grow 20 % to $ 183 million . the increase primarily reflect revenue form the acquisition of RLJE . AOI be $ 13 million , an increase of $ 6 million versus the prior year . the increase be primarily attributable to an increase on it international network , as well as RLJE . move to EPS ; for the third quarter EPS on a GAAP basis be $ 2.07 compare to $ 1.93 in the prior year period . on an adjusted basis EPS be $ 2.33 compare to $ 2.15 in the prior year . the year - over - year increase principally reflect the increase in AOI , a decrease in income tax expense , primarily reflect the benefit of some tax planning strategy relate to investment tax credit and the reorganization of foreign ip and a reduction in outstanding share as a result of it stock repurchase program . these be partially offset by an unfavorable variance in miscellaneous net , primarily into a gain that be record in the prior year on it investment in RLJE . GAAP EPS also reflect an increase in restructuring and other related charge . move to free cash flow , the company have another strong quarter generate $ 88 million result in a nine month total of $ 318 million in free cash . through nine month tax payment be $ 121 million , cash interest be $ 105 million , capital expenditure be $ 69 million and distribution to non - controlling interest be $ 14 million . program right amortization for the nine month period be $ 696 million and program right payment be $ 677 million , result in a source of cash of $ 20 million . this compare to a source of cash from programming of $ 13 million for the prior year period . turn to the balance sheet , it have on the back of it success to - date , a very strong balance sheet and the financial wherewithal to carry out the strategy Josh discuss . since it have be a public company , it have use it strong balance sheet and cash flow profile to execute on the four key tenet of it capital allocation policy . first , invest organically on it core business , as well as new business on project that will produce return for it shareholder . as it continue to invest in content and reposition for a direct - to - consumer focused landscape , it be gain increase confidence in the strategy it start several year ago . it believe that the high return for it capital be to fund the content that be quarter of drive it platform to drive holistic value out of it distribution relationship , and to build the asset necessary to good position it in the evolve market . second , maintain leverage that be appropriate for the business outlook . as of September 30 , AMC Networks have a net debt and finance lease of $ 2.4 billion , it leverage ratio base on LTM , AOI of $ 963 million be 2.45x . third , make disciplined and opportunistic acquisition and investment to advance it strategic plan , such as it International Network , BBC America , and RLJE . and fourth , return capital to shareholder . over the past 3.5 year it return over $ 1 billion through it share repurchase program . during the third quarter the company repurchase $ 12 million of stock , represent approximately $ 231,000 share . as of last Friday the company have $ 489 million available under it exist authorization program . program to - date it have repurchase approximately 26 % of it outstanding share . return of capital remain a priority . to - date it have return significant capital to shareholder and it expect to continue to be opportunistic with pacing , that will continue to vary from quarter - to - quarter and year - to - year . so look ahead there be no change to the full year outlook as it remain confident in it ability to achieve the target that it communicate at the beginning of the year . it continue to expect to grow total company full year revenue in the low to mid - single digit , and total company full year adjust operate income in the low single digit . with respect to the fourth quarter , it expect total company revenue to be down modestly versus the prior year period . at the National Networks it expect advertising revenue to be subject to the performance and mix for it original show , as well as the current advertising market , include scatter . as a reminder , last year 's fourth quarter benefit from the airing of Doctor who on BBC America , as well as a strong December at amc , lead by it good Christmas ever program lineup . with respect to the National Networks distribution revenue , it expect strong growth in content licensing revenue due to the timing of availability of it content in ancillary window , most notably the svod availability of into the Badlands , Preacher and Nosferatu . as for subscription revenue , it expect a continuation of the trend it have see year - to - date . as for expense of the National Networks , it anticipate a modest year - over - year increase due mainly to the timing of continue investment and own original at amc . at it international and other segment , it have now lock the acquisition of both RLJE and Levity , so it report result will reflect the organic activity of these business . it expect the business in the segment to deliver an aggregate healthy growth in both revenue and AOI in the fourth quarter . so in conclusion , overall it feel good about it performance for the first nine month of the year , and how the business be position for the remainder of 2019 . it also recognize that the medium landscape be change rapidly and it be refine it strategy to respond to market condition and position the business for the long term sustainable growth . as for the outlook for 2020 , it look forward to update it as it normally do on the fourth quarter call early next year . so what that , it would like to move to the question - and - answer portion of the call . operator , if it could please open the call for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . it first question come from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Securities . it may ask it question .  it .  guy ; a couple from it . first , when it distribute it svod service through these NVPD partnership that it be talk about , be there a revenue share in there ? Can it talk at all about sort of the economic of what those agreement look like versus somebody just directly take the service ? also , can it share what the decline rate be for , it domestic NVPDs subscriber during the quarter and how that trend ? and then finally on intercompany elimination it grow in the quarter , be that relate to sale or content from the National Networks to the other segment ? and how do it expect that to trend for the balance of the year ?  . hey Mike , it be Josh . it direct - to - consumer service be sell through conventional , it do it directly , where it take all of the money and do it through third party , and it take a piece of the action and so as it engage with nvpd to become distributor , it will have a financial reward in it success in deploy those service . it will take a moment Mike just to point out if it may , the benefit to it apart from distribution of those service , mean more touch point and more place for people to get it . because it actually do touch on the second part of it question , which be it expand to state the obvious , it relationship with NVPD partner . it be carry a linear basic channel , it get rate increase from it on that , and then it essentially have , if it want to call it a reward or an opportunity to make money , as it sell what be essentially call a - la - cart service and so it net - out or net - money out to amc network from it point of view start to decline . it relationship broaden with it and it become on a net basis less expensive . in addition to that , as it on the cable side have more broadband - only sub , it have a target asset and service to deploy to broadband only sub , put it in the position of be video provider to broadband only . so if it be a wire - line MVPD , amc Networks now become a multi - dimensional supplier of content . it actually pay less money if it succeed in achieve rate of penetration on the svod service , and it have something to offer to broadband only subscriber that actually [ Audio Gap ] basically and economic benefit it relationship . so it be really a well , holistic approach . it be , dare it say it , it know a somewhat challenge environment between programmer and distributor ; it be a win - win . in term of the general trend of subscriber , it be very well aware of MVPD report in the quarter . it be of course subject to all those thing . it be carry by every major distributor in the United States of America and other place . so if it experience decline , it generally experience decline that be by degree – may vary of course by company depend upon it positioning , but it be subject to those effect , which be part of it relationship in this ecosystem . and Mike , it last question , the inter - segment elimination . as it see from the release , consistent through the nine month in term of revenue and AOI and it would expect that trend to continue for the full year ‘ 19 versus ‘ 18 . great !  it both . it next question come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley . it may ask it question .  ,  . maybe for Seam or Josh , either . it would be interested if it step back and think about – it do not know if it would describe this as a new strategy , but certainly sort of the evolve strategy . how do it think about the level of programming investment into the business in totality ? it sort of sound like it guy be lean into it svod opportunity , which make sense , but maybe put that in context in the overall sort of expense space in p&l. and sort of the same question on the licensing side . it know it know it guy do not want to talk about the Hulu arrangement or detail of any one deal , but it sort of sound like it be go to be move more thing on platform . how do it think about sort of the put and take around license revenue against the svod opportunity . if it can help it sort of put all that into a sort of a high level view of how the business trend in it mind over the next couple of year . sure Ben . this be Josh and Sean may have thing to add . it think it be balance , perhaps to state the obvious , the opportunity that it see for content monetization on what be now an increase series of opportunity for it to receive money . it use to be just go back in history , get affiliate fee , sell ad . then it be get affiliate fee , sell ad , sell to third party ; and then it be , get affiliate fee , sell ad , sell to third party and sell frankly to it if it want to call it that internationally with a global footprint of linear channel , and now it have add an additional opportunity , which be sell to it own svod service in addition to all those other place . so what it describe in it prepared remark it hope be cogent , because what it say and what it be say now be that there be not a one play pattern for all and it will get to the specific of sort of quantity , and if it do become simply an evaluation of where be there return , where be there a return on an investment . so a simple example be Creep Show . it ’ a show it may not have do before . it do it because it have the shutter service and it spectrum of right be specific ; it think smart , wise and specific to what it today and future opportunity be with Creep Show , so that ’ just one example . the aggregate if it want to sort of just go a little bit high in it view , which be what it suggest , be that it will increase it overall investment by a degree where there ’ a return . and the return will be calibrate against all those immediate opportunity and it will lead it and guide it to make content that monetize well against those multiple opportunity . in the prepared remark the reason that it go through – it hope what be not excruciating detail on the three different example be that it come in different flavor and it need to be nimble , flexible , smart , strategic and disciplined and financial , to make sure that it be do the smart and the right thing . it believe it be – it take each piece of activity under with great care and make certain that it work . in the macro it think that will lead it to have more opportunity for monetization and to be able to build the business , because it have more platform and more place to sell and it will admittedly have sort of more complicated if it will , monetization and play pattern . it hope that ’ responsive to what it say – what it question be . yes . no , definitely and maybe this be – just go back to this charter agreement lastly , can it help it think about it know how charter distribute this and then these be svod service , so it imagine it be deliver in an ip stream over the top . so not all it video customer could get these and any sense for how it distribute and who set the pricing for these service ? be it go to be sell at the same retail price that it sell it at or any more color as it guy push this model forward with what seem like a pretty interesting new relationship – side of the relationship with charter ? yeah . it know it do not – it really – it be go to hesitate to speak for charter because it will misstep in an explanation of exactly what it will do . so what it will say be that it know it believe and hope that it enter into this with vigor and with enthusiasm and that the pricing will be essentially the same as it be available everywhere else , and that charter will deploy – it think it expert at it , it will deploy wisely and with acuman . if it look at the spectrum platform today , it will see that it seem to know what it be do with video quite well , and so it think it will see charter deploy and it may actually undergo a series of different deployment as time go on , it ’ up to it , but it do think there ’ no one wise about what to do with video opportunity and margin opportunity through it multiple product than it , and it would like to think it enjoy a very good and harmonious relationship with it and that it will work together to make sure that those deployment , that it execute be rich and opportune , and it mean it . that ’ not just it word . it think it will be incredibly smart about where margin opportunity be and will in part be lead by it . okay ,  it . it next question come from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein . it may ask it question . hi ,  .  . it seem anxious and it be all anxious to hear so much more about it svod service , so let it ask a couple of thing about that . Can it tell – what more can it tell it in term of the current state of the business other than just sub . Would it be willing to share ARPU , SAC , Churn , net profitability or net cash flow . any other thing would be remarkably helpful and interesting . and then if it extend that to it five year view of it $ 500 million revenue , it think it say $ 7 million sub . it can do that math . it think that ’ a $ 6 ARPU . Can it at least tell it what sort of margin profile it think that business would have at that state ; that ’ the big one ? Quick Sean , just one other quick one if it do not mind ; it feel like it always have to ask about the balance sheet . it have get it think $ 700 million in cash sit there , it keep grow . just wondered what that be sit there for and it thought on why it would have that there and what it could expect to see happen to that over the nearer term .  . hey Todd , it Ed . on S5 it be always anxious to talk about it , so yes ,  for the question . as Josh mention in it remark , it be pleased with the progress in those service and in fact it be run a bit ahead of the target that it set out in it last earning call . it guess it would guide it to the statement be make previously , that it will achieve runaway profitability in the aggregate by year end 2020 , and also the significant growth , Acorn pass the 1 million subscriber mark , and what ’ interesting as all of the SVOD service evolve be the program mix and with the way it be manage churn . it believe that Acorn , while it will not get more specific , be among the low churn rate in the industry and it think that ’ the key with these service , because it be serve a passionate audience group and it can manage churn and it can produce original content and acquire content that make the service invaluable to those subscriber . and so it be sort of play on a different playing field if it will than the big mainstream . there ’ two theory it will site on Acorn that have just be workhorse . one be Doc Martin , which be a mystery series which be now in it ninth season and Murdoch Myseteries be in it thirteenth season and those be among the high achieve Acorn among viewership and loyalty and completion rate . that give it the ability then to co - produce original content as Jeff ’s mention with Creep Show and Shudder have experience it fast grow quarter to - date , largely because of the investment in Creep Show . so mix the acquire in the core production with the new original content , manage churn and super serve it audience it think be the key to it healthy growth rate . a - Sean Sullivan and Todd , just to tackle the balance sheet question again , it think it have a great capital structure and it have a great interest rate profile , maturity profile for it debt . as it say , it leverage be at 2.5x down sequentially from the second quarter and cash be obviously a reserve for incremental organic investment ; M&A to the extent it find something sound and disciplined and obviously return to capital as it say continue to be a priority . okay , good enough .  it both . it next question come from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo . it may ask a question .  it . maybe just first one on Acorn to follow - up . be it contemplate do any sort of exclusive original or maybe it can just talk a little bit about what it think the incremental investment be in content at Acorn , and it think AT&T this week talk about have exclusive right to Doctor who . so maybe it could just comment on what it need to fill out at Acorn to kind of get to it long term subscriber objective . and then maybe just to keep on this theme that it all seem to be ask about direct - to - consumer . it seem like the movement of that third Walking dead series to it own platform be maybe one of the first time it have pull back on one of it tent pole of own content . so can it just talk a little bit about what the long term direct - to - consumer strategy be domestically and it know would it see it pull back more of it sort of flagship show like the walk Dead from domestic licensing right ?  . right , Steven it think it ’ the Mix . the last part of it question it will address first with the Walking Dead series 3 . it have do a very lucrative and important deal with Amazon to exploit the international right . it also exploit the walk Dead series 3 Will on some of it amc service around the world . then when it look to the U.S. it have a different strategy . it have two platform which would likely be strong vessel for series 3 . it be AMC Premier and Shudder and of course the big premiere on linear . so all of those thing it think be the good way , the strong way to monetize that series . it may come to a different conclusion on other series . it like the idea of approach the marketplace on a series - by - series approach , very much be mindful of what the economic opportunity be and what audience it be try to serve and of course it do want to build out for the long term the strength of it platform and have the benefit of recur subscriber fee . on Acorn it will continue to be a mix of acquire content , coproduce content and original content , and as the size of the footprint have continue to grow , the investment budget for original series have grow as well and it think that that trend will continue . it next question come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research . it may ask it question .  . Sean , when it talk about the fourth quarter in advertising , it mention the tough comp , it get it ; but it also mention the overall ad environment and scatter . so anything it can say about how it be feel about Scatter ; what it be see . and then secondly , when do it anniversary this contract dispute with it distribution partner and how be this impact it financial ? have it be drop from this or be it just that it have not get a rate increase yet ?  .  Marci . so to it first question , it think the ad market continue to be strong , the Scatter market be strong , pricing be strong , continue to be a strong demand for it show , so that ’ how it would characterize the advertising marketplace . as it relate to the dispute , it do as it say , enjoy a continued relationship , it enjoy a continue carriage . it believe first time it mention this be on the second quarter conference call , so it think that would probably inform when the impact begin and it think in it proactive remark , absent that it try to give it a little bit of the contour of what subscription revenue would have be if not for this contractual dispute . okay , and then one follow - up on Acorn . be this just domestic at this point or be there a mix of international that it could give it ? it ’ overwhelmingly domestic at this point . it have begin expansion opportunity in some place in Latin America and Europe , but those be early day , very early day . okay , and do it have an actual sub number , just because be over $ 1 million . if it be close to $ 1 million it mean it sort of have to double in the next couple of month to hit it over $ 2 million . well , the $ 2 million subscriber number that it give be the aggregate of the four SVOD service ; so that ’ Acorn , UMC , Shudder and Sundance now with the target that it speak about on it previous earning call . it next question come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan . it may ask it question . Alexia Quadrani  it . just two quick question if it may . firstly , be there any more color it can give it on the third Walking Dead series and physically how it balance leverage the success of that franchise without potentially add to the fatigue ? and then just follow up on it comment of not sell or exchange service domestically go forward . be the economic of sell internationally now become more favorable to help it ease the financial burden that have cause more limited sale domestically ? the international streaming service , the economic be meaningful ; it always have be meaningful and that continue to be . Amazon be an important partner . it have other place that it have sell it content and again AMC International be also an important place for it content to be exploit . so it would say it continue to be meaningful revenue for it international . on the walk Dead , the Series 3 of introduce a new cast and the story pivot , because this be really the first generation that come of age during the zombie apocalypse . so it be now young adult , it be ask different question , it be challenge the way the world have be organize , and it be – as the story will unfold , it be in pursuit perhaps of the underlying mystery as to what create the apocalypse in the first place and how may it be eventually resolve . it think that ’ probably all it will say about that , lest it get an sd [ ph ] call from it show runner . but that series be schedule to premiere in the second quarter . and the other thing it would say about it , one of the exciting thing for the network be , when it combine the walk dead and fear the walk dead , and now what it anticipate to be 10 episode of the Walking Dead Series 3 , it will have 40 sunday of original zombie relate – zombie world premiere on amc in 2020 , which give it the more active consistency that have not happen before , and it think it fan and it know advertiser will be excite about . Alexia Quadrani operator , why do not it take one last question please ? all right ; it last question come from the line of David Joyce with Evercore ISI . it may ask it question .  . just a couple of thing . follow on one of the other question , could it help it understand what the different window be between some of the BBC programming that it be share with Discovery and Warner Media ? Doctor who be mention , but also if it could mention the nature programming . secondly , it just want to see where it be on the addressable advertising evolution . it know what Aurora be do to it ad growth .  it . right . so David on Doctor who , all the new Doctor who ’ come to BBC America . it think what it may be hear about on other streaming service be it library content . it will be the exclusive domestic premiere and it will have that new doctor come to it it believe in the first quarter and this be the second season that feature the new doctor , Jodie Whittaker , and all that be exclusively available on BBC America . the question about natural history , BBC America also be the home for the overwhelming majority of the natural history sort of Planet Earth premiere . there be a number of individual one that that may premiere in other place , but for the overwhelming majority , it be the exclusive home on linear television and VOD . and on the Aurora contribution to ad revenue growth ? oh ! it continue to be a major growth area for it . again , Aurora give it the ability to target advertiser , to target audience segment . so for example it be able to price on heavy consumer of soft drink or people who suffer from certain kind of allergy , so it work with the pharmaceutical and it be work with financial service and it be able to target those audience . that have double – it experience double digit growth in that area in ‘ 19 and it not only help it to drive pricing . it obviously charge a premium for that , but it enable it to drive volume among blue chip advertiser . and it think it platform which it refer to as agility be among the most capable among it peer and in the ad sale industry , and so it continue to be an area of robust growth for it . 