it will begin it comment with highlight from it recently announce simplification transaction and AR ’s peer - lead margin . Mike will then walk through it third quarter 2018 result and long - term outlook . it will begin it formal comment on Slide # 3 title simplification transaction highlight , go through the numerous merit of the transaction . as it be aware , on October 9 , AMGP announce a definitive agreement to acquire AM in a stack and cash transaction . transaction be truly a win , win , win across the Antero family . first , the transaction simplify the midstream structure into one publicly trade entity and align all equity holder . new AM will be structure as a C - corp without idr which it believe be the increasingly preferred structure by midstream investor . it expect the structure to broaden it investor base and importantly position Antero Midstream to be include in major equity index in the future . in addition to the intangible benefit of structure and governance , the transaction be immediately accretive to both AM and AMGP on a dcf per unit basis and average double - digit accretion through 2022 for both entity . AMGP shareholder will receive 42 % immediate distribution accretion compare to the status quo 2019 AMGP target and am public unitholder will receive a premium and will be more than make - whole on it previously communicate distribution and growth profile . third , the transaction eliminate the idr , reduce the pro forma cost of equity capital . eliminate the idr today help to ensure that it do not miss out on any future growth opportunity , both organic and third - party . it allow it to compete for large scale project with other entity that have already eliminate it idr . structure as a corporation for both tax and governance purpose , the transaction significantly enhance governance and shareholder right as compare to the MLP structure . new AM will have an elect board with the majority of independent director push it to the forefront of good corporate governance practice in the midstream space . the transaction be also tax efficient with respect to corporate taxis and eliminate approximately $ 375 million of taxis that AMGP be expect to pay from 2019 through 2022 . these tax saving generate by the step - up in basis allow the transaction to be accretive to both AM and AMGP . lastly , the combination of cash consideration from the announce transaction , along with AR free cash flow , be expect to fully fund AR ’s buyback and de - lever program . now , let it move to Slide # 4 title Antero ’s prove integrate strategy . while Antero Midstream ’s corporate structure be expect to change , it integrate prove strategy will not . it firmly believe in the benefit of integration and unparalleled visibility into the long - term development plan . in it view , ownership and control of the midstream build - out be critical for a sustainable resource development . it integration and visibility into AR ’s development plan allow it to deploy just - in - time capital and appropriately size infrastructure to support AR ’s production growth . as an example , during the third quarter , AM tie in in - line , a company record 73 well into the gathering and compression system , a 100 % of which be on time . the precise timing of midstream project optimize capital efficiency , both for AR and AM . the 73 new well drive record volume in the third quarter and be expect to generate significant growth and momentum head into the fourth quarter of 2018 and into 2019 . on the fresh water delivery side , it continue it 100 % timely track record of deliver fresh water for completion even as AR set record for completion stage per day . for that , it want to  all of it employee for the tremendous achievement operationally . move to the right hand side of the page , AR and management and sponsor remain highly aligned with it midstream investor and will own 31 % and 25 % of new AM , respectively . now let it move to Slide # 5 title consistent leader in realization and margin , which illustrate AR ’s peer - lead realization and margin . Antero Resources be not a traditional Northeast natural gas producer . in fact , during the third quarter , 43 % of AR ’s revenue be derive from liquid , include ethane , C3 + , ngl and oil . Antero ’s liquid exposure be a key differentiator and be the reason AR can generate attractive and sustainable single well and corporate - level rate of return . as depict on the left hand portion of the slide , AR generate all - in realize pricing of almost $ 4 per Mcf equivalent during the quarter , which be 41 % above the peer average and over $ 1 above NYMEX natural gas price . while generate the high pricing realization be important , it be more important to generate attractive all - in margin , which ultimately drive the economic support the long - term development program . once again , AR generate best - in - class EBITDAX margin of $ 1.68 per Mcfe on a fully burden stand - alone E&P basis , include full AM fee . the third quarter exemplify Antero ’s trend of consistently generate the highest realize pricing and margin in Appalachia and give it confidence in the long - term sustainable production growth that underpin AM . look ahead , the fourth quarter represent an important inflection point for AR in which it expect to generate free cash flow , drive by expand margin benefit from strong NGL pricing . these attractive margin support AR ’s measured drilling and completion capital budget through 2022 , that be expect to be more than fully fund from cash flow assume today ’s strip pricing . it will finish it comment on Slide # 6 with a macro view of NGL infrastructure in the Northeast as the infrastructure be an important springboard for the development of AR ’s liquid - rich location . Appalachia NGL fractionation and transportation be differentiate from other shale play in the U.S. all wide grade barrel be fractionate in basin and transport in purity product form , which be a more marketable product for downstream consumption . this allow barrel from the Northeast to be insulate from highly - constrain fractionation , transportation and storage capacity , that ’ currently down on the Gulf Coast . in fact , there be sufficient fractionation capacity in the Northeast and more specifically , AR have sufficient running room to continue deliver peer - lead liquid production growth . in the short - term , the joint venture between AM and MPLX expect to bring online Sherwood Processing plant 10 and 11 and , in fact , plant 10 just come on last evening add an additional 400 million cubic foot of processing capacity in this fourth quarter of 2018 . the joint venture also expect to place the Hopedale 4 fractionation plant into service during the fourth quarter of 2018 , add an additional 60,000 barrel per day of gross fractionation capacity to the basin . long term AM and MPLX will continue plan and execute on additional processing and fractionation capacity customize to AR ’s growth . this visibility in customized midstream solution be an underappreciated benefit for AR as it be the only E&P in the Northeast with direct ownership and control of the midstream infrastructure build - out all the way from the wellhead through processing and fractionation . in summary , it believe that it have the right asset , strategy , employee and now corporate structure to continue generate value for it shareholder . with that , it will turn the call back over to Mike . Michael Kennedy  it , Paul . it will first touch on the distribution for AM and AMGP for the third quarter begin on Slide # 7 title track record of deliver growth . it recently announce an AM distribution of $ 0.44 per unit , a 29 % increase year - over - year and a 6 % increase sequentially . the third quarter distribution at AM be the 15th consecutive distribution increase since it ipo , all of which have represent growth of 28 % to 30 % on an annualize basis since 2014 , which be an incredible achievement . AM ’s dcf coverage ratio have average 1.4x since the ipo , well in excess of the IPO - dcf coverage target of 1.15x . additionally , AMGP announce the distribution of $ 0.144 per share , a 144 % increase compare to the prior year quarter and a 15 % increase sequentially . the AMGP distribution be the fifth consecutive distribution increase since it ipo in May of 2017 . as Paul mention before , the accretion and the simplification transaction allow it to continue this peer - lead growth and more than keep - whole it AM public unitholder on it distribution on the previously provide growth target . now let it move on to the third quarter operational result begin with Slide # 8 , title high - growth year - over - year midstream throughput . all of it gathering , compression , processing and fractionation volume represent record high for AM during the third quarter of 2018 . start on the top left portion of the page , low - pressure gathering volume be 2.2 Bcf per day in the third quarter , which represent a 37 % increase from the prior year quarter . compression volume during the quarter average 1.8 Bcf per day , a 45 % increase compare to the prior year quarter . compression capacity be 80 % utilize during the quarter . joint venture gross processing volume average just over 600 million per day , a 65 % increase compare to the prior year quarter . processing capacity be over 100 % utilize during the quarter , and it expect continued growth as it place online Sherwood 10 and 11 during the fourth quarter , add an additional 400 million per day of processing capacity and bring the joint venture ’s total capacity to 1 bcf per day . joint venture gross fractionation volume be nearly 18,000 barrel per day , a 170 % increase over the prior year quarter . Freshwater delivery volume average 195,000 barrel per day , a 37 % increase over the prior year quarter . look ahead to the fourth quarter , it expect a decline in freshwater delivery volume as compare to the third quarter due to reduce it completion crew from 6 in the first half of 2018 to 4 in the third quarter and to 3 in the fourth quarter . move on to financial result , adjust EBITDA for the third quarter be $ 186 million , a 46 % increase compare to the prior year quarter . the increase in adjust EBITDA be primarily drive by increase throughput and fresh water delivery volume . distributable cash flow for the third quarter be $ 157 million , result in a healthy dcf coverage ratio of 1.3x . during the third quarter , Antero Midstream invest $ 131 million in gather infrastructure and $ 19 million in water handling infrastructure . in addition to gathering and water , AM invest $ 35 million in the processing and fractionation joint venture during the third quarter . move on to balance sheet and liquidity , as of September 30 , 2018 , Antero Midstream have $ 875 million draw on it $ 1.5 billion revolving credit facility , result in $ 625 million in liquidity and a net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio of 2.3x . in addition , after quarter end , Antero Midstream exercise the accordion feature on it revolving credit facility , increase the borrowing capacity from $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion . it will finish it comment on the outlook for New AM on Slide # 9 title best - in - class midstream vehicle . in addition to it premier asset footprint in operation , it believe the recently announce simplification transaction check all the box for current and future shareholder and it remain excited about the future prospect of New AM . new AM will be a 1099 security with no idr or k-1s and substantially shield from taxis through at least 2024 . it core financial policy will remain unchanged with New AM maintain it self - fund organic business model , strong balance sheet , healthy Bcf coverage and significant liquidity . it remain highly aligned and integrate with AR , which give it visibility and provide it long - term target . it organic growth strategy will continue to be focus on just - in - time capital investment , which it believe lead to top tier capital efficiency and high - teen return on invest capital . in summary , it will continue to leverage it visibility into AR ’s development plan to generate attractive project and corporate - level rate of return and deliver value to it unitholder . as a result of the transaction , New AM will be one of the top 20 midstream company by market capitalization , which be highlight on Slide # 10 title high dividend growth among top 20 midstream . in the chart , red font indicate midstream company that be structure to c - corps and the asterisk indicate company have eliminate idr . of that peer group , New AM be expect to have the high distribution growth among the top 20 infrastructure c - corps and one of the strong balance sheet , with a 27 % distribution compound annual growth rate through 2021 and an initial leverage around 3x trail into the low 2x range . with all these characteristic , it remain excited about the value proposition New AM present as show on Slide # 11 title yield versus growth imply attractive value . New AM be expect to have the high distribution growth among midstream infrastructure corporation and entity that eliminate idr . in addition , New AM ’s leverage profile be expect to be a turn low than the peer average at close and continue to decline into low 2x by 2022 . it believe this growth profile and strong balance sheet , combine with no equity need to fund the organic growth capital , should result in an attractive value proposition . base on the market imply valuation of yield versus growth , New AM have an implied yield of 5 % result in a pro forma share value of $ 25 per share or over 50 % of the site to the base price . with that , operator , it be ready to take question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] and it first questioner today will be Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse . please go ahead . hey , guy . it ’ John Mackay on for Spiro . hi . first one , it have be talk about get more involved downstream for a while now , obviously , the MPLX JV be a great first step . but just kind of wonder what the kind of next step could look like and kind of what the gate factor may be there ? yes , that ’ still an objective long term certainly and it think part of the delay in do anything there have be the delay in some of the project and just watch how the takeaway universe come together for liquid . so it just have not be actionable , it guess , at this point in time and hopefully it will be down the road . that ’ fair . and then just a follow - up on the AR call – it talk about kind of upstream consolidation Northeast from midstream it see Blue Racer this morning . just wonder it thought kind of on if it can see anymore midstream kind of Northeast consolidation ? it think it will continue to see some . it think it will go somewhat hand - in - hand with upstream consolidation . it expect to see some more of that . so yes , that ’ something it certainly look at in addition to it organic growth , also look at acquisition opportunity . it have not do anything like that to - date , but it continue to look . it filter be pretty tight , because it would only want to do something that where it molecule impact the asset on the midstream side and those be a little bit more difficult to find , but it continue to look . alright . that ’ fair .  , guy . and it next questioner today will be Tim Howard with Stifel . please go ahead . hi ,  for take that question . Could it have an update on the water treatment facility and maybe utilization in 4Q and any 2019 expectation ? yes . it design on the water facility would be perform at 40,000 barrel a day and it be still in the commissioning phase where it ’ up and down . it have process as much as 40,000 barrel a day , but it be still work out some of the bug in the project . got it . and if that continue into 2019 , would it risk any of the gathering and processing business at all or just AR ’s growth in general ? no , it do not have any impact on that . it would just have a slight immaterial impact to the EBITDA in 2019 , but do not affect any of the gathering . okay , get it . and then pivot to the pro forma entity , how should it think about 2019 distribution growth ? Should it anticipate a like one - time step - up in the ratable growth thereafter for like the first quarter of pro forma or should it anticipate kind of ratable growth throughout ? no , that ’ right . so it come out with $ 1.24 distribution per unit in 2019 expectation . that start in the first quarter with $ 0.28 per share and then it ’ the 28 % to 30 % growth off of that for a total of $ 1.24 . okay , get it . and then last one the comment on inclusion into major index follow the transaction close , be there any of the box that need to be check for that consideration ? it tick all the box . the one it think that it be close on , but should be there in 2019 be 50 % of the float outstanding , but it be very close on that one as well . so by the time the index would consider include it , it think it would tick all the box . okay , great . alright ,  for take it question . and it next questioner today will be Ned Baramov with Wells Fargo . please go ahead . hi ,  for take the question . maybe just go back on it water business , could it talk about water usage per well ? it think it have in on an upward trajectory for this metric since it acquire the business from AR and it think that ’ be drive by long lateral , increase in completion stage , which in turn drive high usage of propane and water per foot . but be there any length or lateral length or water usage per foot that could be treat as the limit beyond which return would diminish base on what it know today ? yes , it be right and then it have be increase on that . it be actually fairly consistent in Q3 in that kind of mid-40 barrel that kind of seem where it have shake out and that ’ base on a 2,000 pound of sand completion . the lateral foot , have increase as well . it be up in the average around the 10,000 foot of per lateral that be actually the well it be complete right now . so those all tick up . but it guidance be always base on that 2,000 pound sand per foot . and base on the lateral length that AR provide it and then it 44 barrel of water per foot on average for the program and that ’ be consistent . the other thing it would note be that it have be on the upper end of actual number of well that it service from a freshwater perspective . in 2018 , it initial guidance range be 150 to 160 well be complete . it be on the high - end of that guidance range , so more on the 160 well for the year . so that ’s also add to the improved performance and improve EBITDA from the freshwater business . and then as far Ned as it question on , would it – as it go to longer and long lateral , would it change those proportion of sand and water and the answer be no , it have go sideways out towards 15,000 foot in the Marcellus and 17,000 in the Utica , but from what it have do so far , it have use it same formula , it same design in term of sand per foot and water per foot and it have see productivity that be – that do not diminish as it go longer and longer that eur per 1,000 be the same . so it would probably be apply the same design . so the answer be even as it go longer and longer , it will still be about the same amount of sand and water proportionately . okay , that ’ great . and then maybe look at 2019 be the 150 to 160 well still a good number ? yes , it ’ very close to that , yes . okay ,  . and maybe one more if it may . it have talk about the importance of maintain the integrate upstream and midstream relationship . so give some of it peer have elect to pursue a different route where a midstream be an independent operation , would it consider pursue third - party opportunity a little bit more aggressively ? yes , it depend on the opportunity of course . as Glen be mention , it strategically like to think about opportunity where the upstream touch the midstream and of course as to keep out the volume risk it know from the upstream side what the volume would be through a midstream infrastructure . so it still stick with that . it do have third - party opportunity . so far it be more on the waterside , which would be definitely accretive . it be not sure it would see it go out there and compete with other third - party midstream where it be pay high multiple to service somebody else . so it be pretty conscious that it ’ a highly competitive market and oftentime midstream company overpay in order to be able to provide service for people . so , it look at it , but it do not see it as quite as attractive as service AR . 