on today 's call , it would like to share it initial thought and observation about the business and speak to it four near - term priority and area of focus . follow it comment , it will turn the call over to Robyn for a review of the financial and operational highlight for the quarter , as well as it outlook for the full year and then it will take it question . as it may know , it join the Bed Bath & Beyond Board of Directors in early May in connection with the company 's transformation and refreshment of the Board 's composition and governance structure . as a long - time customer , it believe Bed Bath & Beyond be a great brand with a strong customer affinity and it be eager to join the Board and contribute to stabilize and reposition the business for future growth as a successful omnichannel retailer . when the Board then determine it be the right time to identify the company 's next generation of leadership , it be honor to step in as Interim CEO . it be work closely with the Board and management leverage it retail industry experience as well as it background in finance and corporate strategy during this transition period . it view it role as one where it can provide strategic leadership and help prioritize and drive forward the most meaningful initiative to advance the work under way to improve it financial performance , enhance it competitive position , and drive shareholder value . it will start today with it initial observation of the company . it have make a concerted effort over the past several week to meet with many associate across the organization , gain an understanding of the company 's history , culture , and the way it operate . it have visit many of it store across multiple banner as well as one of it distribution facility to ensure it see firsthand the operation of it business . during these visit , it have witness it associate ' passion for customer service and the deep connection it have with it customer be obvious . it be also compelling to see it customer ' enthusiasm and commitment to it brand . that say , it be also clear that the company have not keep pace with how the customer have evolve and how consumer shop today . it need to give it customer a reason to keep shop in it brick - and - mortar store , and in order to do that it must update and enhance store experience . this will continue to be a priority for it . beyond enhance it store experience , it must also transform the online shopping experience to engage it customer digitally . both it store and digital experience will continue to be area of focus for it . it be still early and there be much work to do to fully assess the business . importantly , what it have see and hear up to this point have validate it confidence that Bed Bath & Beyond be an iconic brand with tremendous opportunity . the company have a strong geographic footprint as well as attractive and grow product category . it also have a resilient team that be operate with a sense of urgency to improve the company 's competitive position . as it look ahead , the Board and the management team be in full agreement that there need to be a fundamental change in it approach to execute the company 's business transformation . a key challenge for the business in the past have be that there have be too many initiative under way which have result in a lack of strategic focus and less meaningful result . it be committed to complete a deep review of the business to prioritize and drive forward the most meaningful initiative to improve performance . this be part of the critical work underway at the Board level . under the leadership of Independent Chairman , Patrick Gaston , the new Board consist of a highly diverse set of leader with a wide range of fresh perspective and background be well - equip to oversee and partner with management to drive the intensive business transformation that be need . importantly , all of it director be highly engaged and be move quickly to continue to enhance it governance structure , transform it compensation program , evaluate it capital allocation priority , and assess and shape a new strategic direction for it company . to that end , the recently form Business Transformation and Strategy Committee be set to review and evaluate the ongoing business transformation and will make recommendation on how the company can best capitalize on and navigate the evolve retail environment to accelerate the company 's evolution . together , the Board and the management team be challenge it current value proposition and operating model to take on a more holistic approach to the transformation while also maintain a focus on delight it customer and deliver long term value to shareholder . it be in full agreement on it four key , near term priority . first , stabilize sale and drive topline growth . secondly , reset the cost structure . third , review and optimize the company 's asset base , include it portfolio of retail banner . and finally , refine it organization structure . as it evaluate and assess the work underway , it early observation reveal that it number one priority must be a focus on stabilize it topline and optimize it sale opportunity . this will require collaboration and refinement of initiative across multiple area of the business , include merchandising , marketing , branding , pricing , and supply chain . and as it mention , it will also be sharpen it focus on deliver a seamless omnichannel experience , include it current in - store and digital experience . to be clear , it effort will be focus on opportunity to drive profitable sale growth . it second priority be to reset it cost structure to better align with the current state of the business . this will include reduction in cost of good and SG&A. while the company have previously initiate some action and make progress on this front , it need to dig deeper and to cast a wide net . focus on it cost of good and gross margin will entail an assessment of opportunity within it proprietary and private - label brand as well as it supply chain and global sourcing capability . prior action underway relate to pricing strategy , coupon expense and outbound shipping expense be show early positive result . it initial focus on SG&A have result in further reduction in store payroll , primarily through well alignment of store hour with foot traffic , a streamlining of it field support structure and a reduction in task perform at the store level . in advertising , it have be improve the efficiency of it direct mail event and digital marketing . as it continue it focus on it cost structure , it would take a fresh look at it corporate overhead , ensure it have the right structure and resource for the business it be manage today . finally , the company commence a comprehensive real estate optimization effort six month ago with the assistance of a specialized real estate consultant who will be lead the renegotiation of the company 's lease . occupancy save from this effort will benefit fiscal 2019 and far beyond . it third near term priority be to review the company 's asset base . this encompass a fleet optimization project for all Bed Bath & Beyond store to understand how best to position it store location in various market across the country and Canada . in addition to the real estate optimization effort it just mention , it anticipate leverage the finding of this fleet optimization project to evaluate potential store closure and/or relocation . these decision would be base on a combination of each store ' performance , profitability , it geographic location and the customer demographic . it ultimate objective be to find the right balance between it physical and digital presence within the market it serve and to deliver the shopping experience it customer want . the Board and it be also in the process of evaluate the various retail banner operate to better understand it strategic and financial contribution to the portfolio . follow this review , it will determine the appropriate next step . it fourth near term priority be to take a fresh look at it organization structure . it have a season management team that understand the business and culture well . and as it mention earlier , it senior team be operate with urgency and it be grateful for it hard work and commitment . it be critically important that as it transform Bed Bath & Beyond , it ensure it have not only the right talent and expertise but also the right team structure in place to facilitate a connected and efficient organization . to build the future of this business , leader will operate with clarity and focus and be empower to make decision for which there will be accountability . by focus on it four near term priority , it will reset it approach to the company 's business transformation prioritize the thing that it believe be go to deliver the great value to it customer and it shareholder . before it turn the call over to Robyn , it would like to provide a brief update of the Board 's ceo search . with the support of a lead executive search firm , the CEO search committee have undertake a robust process to recruit a permanent ceo . work to identify a leader who have a multifacete skill set , include transformation and innovation experience in the retail sector , as well as e - commerce and marketing experience . it have generate significant interest and while urgent , it will take the time it need to select the right leader for the future of Bed Bath & Beyond . it will update it further once it have something to share . finally , it would like to comment briefly on first quarter result and it outlook for the full year . as it see in it news release , first quarter sale be slightly below the range the company have provide while EPS on an adjusted basis be at the high end of the company 's previously provide range . as it look forward , take into consideration both the work to be do in it transformation as well as continue challenge in the broad retail environment , it be take a more conservative approach to it outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2019 . as Robyn will discuss in a moment , it have maintain it sale and earning expectation for the year , albeit at the low end of the previously state guidance range . in summary , there be critical work to do and there be challenge it be work to address . it remain confident in the underlying business and it ability to leverage the strength of the Bed Bath & Beyond brand and it last connection with customer to deliver on it near term priority and transform the company . with a renew focus on it customer and a win customer value proposition , it believe it can capture opportunity in the market and create sustainable value for it shareholder . as it move forward , it will share it progress about how it be execute against it near term priority and it plan to deliver improve result . and now it will turn the call over to Robyn to review it financial and it outlook .  it Mary . start with it bottomline . for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 , it report net loss per diluted share be $ 2.91 . this loss include pretax charge relate to non - cash goodwill and other impairment of approximately $ 401 million , severance , include the departure of key senior executive of approximately $ 38 million and shareholder activity cost of approximately $ 8 million . exclude these item , it net earning per diluted share be $ 0.12 at the high end of it guidance range . to provide more meaningful insight about the operational performance of it business during the first quarter , it comment about the quarterly result exclude the impact of these item in 2019 as well as the impact of severance incur in last year 's fiscal first quarter . turn now to a review of it sale result . it net sale in the quarter be approximately $ 2.6 billion , a decrease of approximately 6.6 % from the first quarter of last year . Comp sale for the quarter also decrease approximately 6.6 % and reflect a decrease in the number of transaction in store , partially offset by an increase in the average transaction amount . on a directional basis , comp sale from it store decline in the high single digit percentage range , partially offset by slight growth in comp sale from it customer face digital channel . as it discuss during it earning call in April , it first quarter model assumption include a decline in comp sale due to one , a shift in the Easter holiday to later in the quarter this year compare to last year which , for it , would reduce the tailwind effect it typically get from consumer look to refresh it home for spring . two , a low advertising spend this quarter versus the prior year period with plan to shift that spend to the fourth quarter . and three , an acceleration of it bias towards prioritize profitability over near term sale growth , which include action such as eliminate less profitable sku from the assortment , add minimum quantity requirement and exclude coupon for select sku . gross margin for the quarter be approximately 34.5 % of net sale as compare to approximately 35 % in the first quarter of last year . in order of magnitude , this decrease as a percentage of net sale be primarily due to a decrease in the merchandise margin , partially offset by decrease in coupon expense and net direct to customer shipping expense . the decrease in coupon expense be the result of a decrease in the number of redemption with few piece distribute partially offset by an increase in the average coupon amount . in addition , as it have previously describe , it BEYOND+ membership program have impact and will continue to unfavorably impact it booth margin as the rate of member enrollment increase . as a reminder , the consumer focus benefit of this program include 20 % off entire purchase and free shipping be realize immediately upon sale while the membership fee be currently amortize over the one year membership period . as of the end of the first quarter , it have approximately 1.2 million BEYOND+ member . it estimate the impact from BEYOND+ on it gross margin be approximately 60 basis point for the first quarter this year and 40 basis point for the first quarter last year . notwithstanding the short term margin impact during this period of increase member enrollment , it continue to evaluate the learning and it remain very encouraged by the incremental benefit it be see as well as the long term potential of BEYOND+ . in addition , this program be another mean to gain customer insight that over time will help it to direct specific product offer and content to these loyal customer through marketing personalization to drive incremental sale and margin enhancement . SG&A for the quarter be approximately 32.9 % of net sale as compare to approximately 31.7 % in the prior year period . in order of magnitude , this increase in SG&A as a percentage of net sale be primarily due to increase in technology relate expense , include depreciation and occupancy expense . head into the quarter , it expect to deleverage some of these fix cost due to it planned decline in comp sale . it effective tax rate in the first quarter be approximately 38.6 % and include approximately $ 2.9 million of net after - tax cost due to distinct event occur in the quarter . in the prior year period , it effective tax rate be approximately 30.5 % and include net after - tax loss of approximately $ 2.6 million due to distinct event occur in that quarter . it first quarter guidance plan for a high tax rate . however , it have more favorable discrete item than be include in it model , represent about $ 0.02 per share . now look to it balance sheet . it end the quarter with approximately $ 923 million in cash and investment , an increase of approximately $ 76 million or approximately 9 % over the end of the prior year first quarter . retail inventory at the end of the quarter be approximately $ 2.5 billion at cost which represent a reduction of nearly 5 % or approximately $ 124 million compare to the end of the first quarter last year . during the fiscal first quarter , it further adjust the carry value of it goodwill and other intangible asset as require by the accounting rule by take an impairment charge of approximately $ 401 million . this non - cash pretax charge be primarily the result of a sustained decline in the company 's market capitalization and do not impact it ongoing day - to - day operation . capital expenditure for the quarter be approximately $ 68 million with about 50 % relate to technology project primarily include investment in it digital capability , analytic and logistic . the remain CapEx spend be primarily for the opening of three new store and the remodeling of over 40 exist store , the bulk of which be Next Generation Lab store . share repurchase during the quarter be approximately $ 81 million represent about 5.3 million share . in addition , on July 8 , it Board of Directors declare a quarterly dividend of $ 0.17 per share to be pay on October 15 , 2019 to shareholder of record as of September 13 , 2019 . lastly , regard it balance sheet . it now reflect operate lease asset of $ 2 billion and operate lease liability of $ 2.2 billion due to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard which , for it , require all lease with term great than 12 month to be capitalize on the balance sheet . as it note in the press release , the adoption of this standard will not result in significant change to it statement of operation or cash flow . in addition , there be no impact to any of it debt covenant relate to it indenture or revolving credit agreement . additional disclosure be include in it 10-Q file with the SEC today . now turn to it financial guidance for fiscal 2019 . as it evolve it plan around the four key near term priority just describe , it will continue to evaluate the component of it financial model for the year . as Mary mention , take into consideration both the work to be do in it transformation as well as the continue challenge in the broad retail environment , it be take a more conservative approach to it outlook for the remainder of the year . on it last call , it model net sale to be between $ 11.4 billion and $ 11.7 billion . consider what it know about the second quarter - to - date and it outlook for the back half of the fiscal year , it expect it consolidated net sale to continue to be within this range but at the low end drive by the decline in store comp that it have be experience . net earning per diluted share be estimate to fall towards the low end of the previously provide range of approximately $ 2.11 to $ 2.20 , exclude the goodwill and other impairment , severance expense and shareholder activity cost . on a quarterly basis , it expect to see improvement in it financial performance as the year progress . it model to achieve consolidated net sale at the low end of it previously guide range anticipate a gradual sequential improvement in comp sale from store as it progress through the year benefit from it effort to stabilize sale , include change to it marketing program couple with other sale initiative underway . consider this plus the timing of it transformational initiative as well as the usual seasonality of it business , it believe it net earning per diluted share will be strong in the back half of fiscal 2019 . finally , capital expenditure for fiscal 2019 be plan to be approximately $ 350 million to $ 375 million . this year 's spend include about $ 50 million associate with investment in warehouse for e - commerce distribution to personalized product , although it be continue to evaluate it capital project for the year . it will now turn the call back over to Mary .  it Robyn . in closing , it want to reiterate it confidence in it associate ' ability to connect with and serve it customer . without question , it associate be it great asset . so it need to ensure it have the right tool to effectively and successfully compete in today 's retail environment . as it move ahead to execute against the near term priority that it lay out , it focus will remain on delight it customer and deliver long term value for it shareholder . and with that , it can now open the call for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . it first question come from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James . it line be open . good afternoon . it be actually Budd Bugatch for Bobby . it be travel today . so it be sub for it . congratulation Mary . good luck to it on it interim role and it wish it the good on that . it have a few question , if it could . the first question be , can it talk a little bit about the NGS store ? there be now how many of it ? and what be the performance of those ? and be the plan still to roll those out ?  it for the kind comment . so , in term of the NGS store , yes , that be still a priority . it have 34 store right now . it be still see good result . it be refine what it see in the store and continue to update and continue to roll that out . so that program be continue to be one of it top priority . and again , as it say in it prepared remark , it be take a look though at all of the initiative . it will be look at that one as well . and again , as it know , it be still early day , but the performance on that look good and it be get good information that will help it transform it store experience . okay . and Robyn , on the charge of the goodwill and the other intangible , be that just relate to the market cap fall or be it attach to any of the particular item or item of goodwill on the balance sheet ? the most significant component of the charge be relate to goodwill . and just as a point of reference , goodwill be now down to zero on the balance sheet . but there be some residual impact relate to the trade name for some of the acquisition that it have have throughout the year . okay . and when it look at the cash flow from operation or free cash , that be significantly below last year . it suspect that include some of the unusual item , the severance and the shareholder activity cost , what be the net impact of those unusual item on cash in the quarter ? it do not have that component piece break out right in front of it , but it can certainly give it call with that information . okay . and the forward guidance , do that include any more one - time charge or call - out item or be it unable to predict those at this point in time ? no . the guidance that it be provide would be exclude what ’ happen to - date and any other one - time item . it be be really guidance from an operational perspective . right . and be there any other one - time item that it can see at this point in time ? nothing build into the plan . it next question come from Jamie Katz from Morningstar . Jamie , it line be open . hi .  for take it question . it be curio , it think last quarter , it be comment that comp be expect to be in the low - single - digit to mid - single - digit range , and it be assume that that low - single digit be off the table and it be look more towards a mid - single - digit decline even with improve comp over the remainder of the year . be that fair ? for the full year , yes , it be still in that same low - to - mid , single - digit decline , yes . okay . and then it know there be a lot of initiative underway , but maybe if it can help it think about what initiative may have be undertake already where it may see benefit in expense , thing like change in the buying organization ? it know that be partially siloe across brand in the past where maybe it can see the elimination of some redundancy go forward in the near term ?  it . so , it will just point it back to some of the thing that it have say in it prepared remark . so , it have have a number of initiative underway . the renegotiation of some of the company 's lease , that be expect to benefit it this fiscal year and beyond . it have also already see some reduction in it store labor cost as a result of rightsize to foot traffic and take a look at streamline the field organization and eliminate task in the store . so , all of those initiative be continue to be ongoing , but it be see impact from it now and expect to later in the year . beyond some of those , it again be go to be look at where it be get the great impact on reprioritize within the context of the four - key , near - term priority , so there may be some shift in initiative as it go into the back half of the year , but those be some of the primary one that it be currently see benefit from . it next question come from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan . it line be now open . Christopher Horvers  . good evening . so it have a question about the guide . usually with a new ceo and in case like this , the guidance be often pull . so , it be interesting that it be only go to the low end despite the strategy be go to shift and it could shift further . so , can it talk about the thought process around keep the guide and only go to the low end ? and what give it the confidence , whether it see more cost out opportunity or it see the progression of comp of the business ? what be give it that confidence to be even in the range at this point ? well , a big piece of it be , as it point out , many of the initiative be already ongoing . so , while it be still get it arm around the business and assess where those initiative stand and what the impact of it will be , it have see enough to know that it have get lot of activity go on , even though it may reprioritize some of it , it do expect to see some benefit from it . it will notice that it take out some of the detail that it provide in the previous guidance . so , it think as it reprioritize initiative , there may be shift between what will impact gross margin versus SG&A and that kind of thing . but at this point , it be confident in the topline and the bottom line , although at the low end of the range and again it guidance be without any special item . so , if it make significant change , it will communicate those at the time . Christopher Horvers  it . that be a good segue . so as it think about the down 6.6 % comp , while that be disappointing and below the range and below the market , at the same time the gross margin decline really improve . so it do not know it have have a chance to think about like , how much be there a comp in gross margin trade - off that be make in this quarter ? and do it think do that part of strategy , per se , shift where maybe it get some well comp but the gross margin decline start to reaccelerate ? well , as it have point to it for the last couple of quarter , it mention prioritize profitability over sale and certainly some of the change that it have make particularly impact the customer face digital channel growth , but it be move those lever or pull those lever to drive more profitable result . so that be definitely contribute . and there be thing where eliminate less profitable sku from the assortment , add minimum quantity requirement for certain sku , coupon exclusion , change dynamic pricing algorithm and all of those have be layer in for some consecutive quarter . it guess in addition to that , it also have initiative drive improvement in the merchandise margin area , some of which Mary have just recently mention but it would add to that that it have be evaluate it pricing strategy as well . it next question come from Oliver Wintermantel from Evercore ISI . it line be now open . Oliver Wintermantel yes .  and good evening . it just want to double - check . the guidance from last quarter in the fourth quarter , that 2020 guidance , it do not mention that . be that still a valid guidance ? or do it pull that ? so in term of it guidance , it feel comfortable confirm that it sale and EPS would be at the low end of the range previously provide . so it sale range be between $ 11.4 billion and $ 11.7 billion and it EPS range be $ 2.11 to $ 2.20 . Oliver Wintermantel but the 2020 guidance that it give last time and the long term guidance ? it be sorry . it do not provide any guidance beyond 2019 at this point . yes . and it think that be relate to the fact that again , it and the Board will be look at all the initiative and of course many of the initiative that it be go to be prioritize will have impact beyond 2019 . and so once it be set on how it be go to reset the transformation and what the top initiative priority will be , it will be in well position to talk to 2020 . Oliver Wintermantel got it .  it . and if it may , the online growth . do it comment on that in the prepared remark ? and if not , can it maybe update it what online growth be in the quarter ? it say , it have slight growth from it customer face digital channel . and as it just walk through , the growth in the customer face digital channel for this quarter be impact by the action it take to prioritize profitability over sale . so it eliminate less profitable sku from it assortment . it add minimum quantity requirement for certain sku . it have not yet anniversarie the increase in it free shipping threshold that it put in place towards the back half of last year . so all of these thing be layer on top of one another and impact the growth in the customer face digital channel , but it be see high profitability . it next question come from Michael Lasser from UBS . it line be now open . good evening . this be Atul Maheswari filling in for Michael Lasser .  a lot for take the question . it question be a bit of a follow - up from one of the early question . so it do list stabilize sale as one of the near term priority . how do it really expect to achieve this objective without compromise margin , give it have prioritize one over the other in the past ? and what be some of the key change it need to implement to ensure that both sale and margin grow at the same time ? yes . so obviously it be still early day and it be still get it arm around everything that be go on and prioritize what the initiative will be . but it think in addition to the sale comment , it also have to couple that with it focus on manage gross margin from a cost perspective . so it do expect to drive sale , but it expect that to be profitable . and in the gross margin area , it think it talk about look at where it be with it vendor and look at other just component of cost of sale where it can get some benefit there . it next question come from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley . it line be now open . hi . this be Josh Kamboj , on for Simeon Gutman .  it for take it question . it first question , what rate of industry growth be embed in it guide for 2019 ? and how do the market grow versus it initial expectation in the first quarter ? it be sorry . Can it just repeat that ? sorry , yes . what rate of industry growth have it embed into it guide for 2019 ? and how do the market grow versus it expectation in the first quarter ? so it guess , it be think about it sale plan ? it mean , in term of it sale guidance , it be anticipate a decline between 5 % and 6 % in the first quarter . it come in slightly below that sale range . and from -- no . it be sorry . yes . it be wonder , if it be bake it in a certain rate of home furnishing industry growth as a whole into it guide for the year . and if it could share what that be and what that may have be in the first quarter , like if it think home furnishing be go to be flat and maybe industry decline a little bit . not it own guide . just how it be think about the industry backdrop for the year . let it take a look at that and maybe get back with it . it mean , as it think about the home furnish market , it be not a usually decline market , but it be obviously not robustly grow either . it think the big thing it see in the market be the continued focus on online sale and that . and so that be impact everybody in the market . but the overall market , it have not build in any significant expectation in either direction for the market to be boom or for the market to be weigh down . all right . that be helpful .  it . and then just as a follow - up , be it safe to assume that it have 25 % tariff embed in the guide now ? and just in the context of the fact that the guide do not move that much , be it also -- it be sorry . [ Operator Instructions ] . it line be now open , if it can please complete it question . hi . sorry . it be not sure . it think it be have some latency issue . a follow - up question be just , be it now safe to assume that 25 % tariff be bake into it guide and just in the context of the fact that it do not move much follow what it initially lay out alongside the fourth quarter result , be it also at the 25 % level in that initial guide even though the tariff have not step up to that rate at that point in time ? no . at the onset of the year it be definitely not at the 25 % rate and it be continue to monitor the situation and it have not make any change to the guidance at this point for that rate . it next question come from Steve Forbes from Guggenheim Securities . it line be now open . good evening . it want to focus on the BEYOND+ program , right , give the sort of the gross margin implication here . and so just on the growth in member , whether it be quarter - over - quarter or just the run rate of the growth , be it surprised by the ramp in membership growth as it appear it slow little bit ? and be there any plan to sort of tweak the offering whether it be a certain component of the value proposition as it think about reaccelerate that growth ? and maybe just if it can comment on what it be see as it relate to membership ticket and traffic trend ? so yes , it have see some growth during this quarter in the BEYOND+ membership program and as it mention , it be continue to evaluate it . so it may see some change to the value offer in the future . at this point , it be continue to see positive result for BEYOND+ member . it be see that it shop twice as many time as the average customer and that it spend four time the amount of an average customer . and so it be encourage by that and it be continue to monitor it . and then as a follow - up , maybe for it , Mary . it think about it tenure thus far , obviously travel around to the store , the distribution center , talk to store associate . it think it mention , right , in the prepared remark revisit the value proposition and sort of rethink that on how it can improve it . so what do it hear , right , from the store associate as it pertain to what maybe it think or it be hear from customer as what need to transpire as it relate to the broad value proposition that Bed Bath & Beyond put out there ? yes . well , the first thing it would say that it have hear from it associate be , it enthusiasm about the customer ' commitment to the store . it know the customer who come in because it be frequent shopper and it be commit to provide it the good service and the good value that it can . so that be the first thing . it think the other thing it have hear from people and see it be the affinity for the coupon . and so it have to continue to manage that and evaluate how it want to handle that , but that be near and dear to the customer ' heart and it store . member know that as well . it think from a value proposition standpoint , again , this be something it will be revisit at the Board level and certainly work with it transformation and strategy committee . but what it be hear at store level be , customer compare it pricing to other ' pricing and it feel good about the move it have make recently , but customer be focus on pricing , value and that type of thing . so it be hear a little bit of that as well . it next question come from Anthony Chukumba from Loop Capital Markets . it line be now open . Anthony Chukumba  it for take it question . it guess , it first question be just on the presentation of the result . particularly , it back out the goodwill , but it also back out the severance cost and the shareholder cost and then it show the comparison year - over - year where it back out some item in the first quarter of last year . it guess it be just wonder , why do it switch the presentation to show the non - gaap as oppose to historically when it be go really , for the most part , show GAAP with the exception of , like , big goodwill amortization charge ? it guess , it be just wonder what the rationale be for go to that presentation . well , it think , it objective be to present it operating result , present thing on an apple - to - apple basis , so it be easy to compare and see the change or the improvement that it have make on a year - over - year basis . Anthony Chukumba okay . that be helpful . and then just a quick follow - up . it have talk about this before , key near term priority and one of it be sort of review the asset base . and it look like it will be review all of it concept include it non - core concept . any sense for timing in term of make decision specifically on the non - core concept like which type of potential divestiture ? at this point , it be not go to commit any specific timing . it be certainly move with a sense of urgency . this be a priority for the management team and the Board . the Board will be oversee it work to look at the various concept . and when it have some next step or something to announce , it will certainly make it aware of it . it next question come from Jonathan Matuszewski from Jefferies . it line be now open . Jonathan Matuszewski yes .  for take it question . so in guide through the low end of the range , it allude to maybe what sound like a continuation of tough topline trend quarter - to - date . be that quarter - to - date trend consistent with the high single digit decline in brick - and - mortar comp and slight DTC growth it see this quarter ? so it be expect a gradual sequential improvement in the comp sale from store as it move throughout the year . and it will achieve that through it effort to stabilize sale , include some change it have make to it marketing program and other sale initiative that it have underway . it do mention earlier that it be go to shift some advertising expense from the first quarter to the fourth quarter . so that will help out later in the back half . but it be again look to improve the trend throughout the year . Jonathan Matuszewski got it . so that would include a sequential improvement from 1Q to 2Q ? what it know about 2q to - date have definitely be build into the model . it have not see a major shift in the trend that it have experience in 1q at this point . but it be again project through the remainder of the year improvement . Jonathan Matuszewski got it . and then , just on the source side , it guy have make some enhancement to the team and open up a second office in Asia and obviously there be long term plan discuss to really ramp up direct import in certain category . so maybe just share some of it late thought there ? if there be be any initial traction in ramp up direct import ? any thought there would be great . well , let it speak about it a little bit more broadly and then if Robyn want to add in term of what it have see recently . in general , it think , obviously , focus on it supply chain and it direct source opportunity to provide great benefit . so it be definitely take a look at that . that be on the docket with all of the initiative that it will be work with the transformation committee of the Board with to prioritize . it have have early good result and it be look at certain thing in that area , but it do not have a lot to report on it at this point . it next question come from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities . it line be now open .  a lot and good afternoon . it question be first around pricing . it talk about the diluting of pricing strategy . what change have it make recently ? and how be it think about price relative to the competition go forward ? it have definitely make change in term of change to it dynamic pricing strategy and algorithm and it have look to optimize it base pricing or initial and base pricing of merchandise . it have see that those pricing strategy help it in the merchandise margin area . it see a decrease in merchandise margin but it be at a less rate , it guess , than it have be experience . so the trend be improve due to some of those pricing change that be put in place . got it . so it emphasis on the base pricing , it be raise base price to protect margin . be that what it should be take away from this ? yes . it be evaluate it pricing strategy holistically and that be one element of it , yes . yes . so it will put an emphasis on the fact that that be one element of it . it should not take away that it be wholesale increase price . it mean it be monitor what the competition be do , think about it need to stabilize sale and how sensitive the customer can be to pricing . so it be evaluate it holistically . and so on some sku and category it may increase price , in other area it may not . so it be more complicated than just say be able to say that yes , it be take wholesale price increase because it be not do that . it next question come from Curtis Nagle from Bank of America . it line be now open . great .  very much for take it question . so just a quick one on , it guess , potential asset or concept sale . be that something it will be able to do or it guess would consider do without a permanent ceo in place ? well , what it will say about everything that it be focus on , the Board have a sense of urgency and the management team have a sense of urgency . and so while the ceo search be certainly a priority , it be not go to be stand still in the Interim . so when it see opportunity that it think be really go to be to the benefit of the business , it will move forward on it . now whether or not that particular thing will be one of those thing , can not speak to that at this point until it finish it evaluation of thing . but it will not be hold off on action that it think make sense to really stabilize the company and move forward . understand . that make sense . and just a quick one on the guidance . it do not think it hear anything pertain to how buyback may or may not be factor in . be there future buyback in the full year guidance ? it do have plan for buyback from the guidance . but again , it want to get the metric that it be most comfortable with which be sale at the low end of the range and EPS at the low end of the range . yes . and what it will just add on that , one of the thing that the Board will be do be take a look at the capital allocation approach for the company . and so it will be factor into that the need to invest in the business to transform , to maintain stability in the business and it will also be evaluate how it want to return cash to shareholder through both dividend and/or share repurchase . it next question come from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo . it line be now open . hi . this be Eric Cohen , on for Zach .  for take the question . it comment earlier that historically Bed Bath have just not keep up with change consumer behavior and it mention that it be go to make update to that store experience . Can it sort of comment on what change it can expect to see ? and maybe when it can sort of see it in the store to impact the sale or margin ? well , what it will say be , it continue to have quite a few initiative underway in that area and that be core to what it Next Generation Lab store initiative be all about be be able to test those concept , see what be work , tweak it as it go , roll out thing that make sense across the chain . so to say specifically at this moment what those thing be , it be probably a little premature because it be continue to evaluate the performance in those store and make those decision . fair enough . and then can it just also comment the change it be make to the coupon strategy ? it think that be actually a gross margin benefit this quarter . just sort of how change it have make and presumably this lead to some loss sale that it be comfortable with loss sale on the table ? and just sort of how it price stack up versus peer ? well , from a coupon perspective , it look at the mix of offer , availability of coupon and then also have some coupon exclusion . so from a rate of growth of sale , it be favorable this quarter . and there be a decrease this quarter that contribute to it gross margin . it final question come from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital . it line be now open . hi . good afternoon and  for squeeze it in here . let it see . it want to just follow - up on the review of the different concept and over the year the company have not want to disclose revenue by segment or profit by segment . but it be wonder if there be any more quantification or color that it may be willing to provide today about how the different business be perform ? unfortunately no , there be nothing more that it be go to provide today on a concept basis , because it be right , it have not in the past give those number . and so for now , it be go to continue in that path , but it can be assure that it be go to be evaluate the concept and look at all of those business and make appropriate decision . got it .  it . and if it could follow - up then on maybe the cost expense opportunity , recognize that there could be some move piece between the line item versus the way it guide earlier in the year , it guess , Mary or Robyn , could it talk a little bit about how it be think about the expense opportunity into 2019 and maybe how much it could bring that SG&A line down by this year ? well , it will not attempt to quantify it , but as it do say in it prepared remark , SG&A and rightsize for the business that it be manage right now be a top priority for it . it think that it just have to look at that . and so , it have be look at it . it have lot of initiative underway . it have be execute initiative in the SG&A area . but it be go to continue it focus there and accelerate some of the activity that be underway . 