it first quarter result be consistent with the growth rate it have experience over the last several year . membership increase 44 % year - over - year , an increase of almost 1.4 million member , and it premium and service revenue increase 42 % year - over - year total $ 4.8 billion . the revenue increase between year of $ 1.4 billion be a result of a full quarter ’s impact this year from expansion and new program in 2014 in a number of it state , particularly Florida , Illinois , and Ohio . it increase it full risk membership in Louisiana this quarter as the new contract begin , which eliminate the shared saving program and it convert 200,000 of these member to the at - risk program . in the first quarter , it also begin serve additional member in Indiana for the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 program and it begin cover nursing facility benefit in Texas . service revenue increase 64 % year - over - year primarily from it carrier health specialty pharmacy business . during the quarter , it receive an agreement in California for the full reimbursement of the health insurer fee on a grossed up basis for income taxis . it now have agreement go forward in all of it state for reimbursement of the health insurer fee . the consolidated health benefit ratio this quarter be 89.8 % , an increase of 50 basis point over both last year ’s first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2014 . the increase year - over - year be primarily due to the increase in high acuity membership , which carry a high health benefit ratio and a low G&A ratio and high flu cost this year , when compare to it relatively mild season last year . the increase from the fourth quarter be primarily seasonal as the first quarter be typically it high HBR quarter . in the first quarter , approximately 23 % of it revenue be from new business compare to 20 % in the first quarter of 2014 . the HBR for new business be 91.0 % , compare to 89.5 % from exist business . it general and administrative expense ratio be 8.5 % this quarter , compare to 8.8 % in Q1 of 2014 and 8.2 % in Q4 of 2014 . the 30 basis point decrease year - over - year reflect additional scale this year and the incurrence of acquisition transaction cost for U.S. medical management in Q1 of last year . business expansion cost , exclude the acquisition transaction cost total $ 0.06 this year , compare to $ 0.03 from last year ’s first quarter . investment income be $ 9 million for Q1 and interest expense be $ 10 million . during the first quarter , it issue $ 200 million of additional 4.75 % senior note and simultaneously enter into $ 200 million of interest rate swap agreement , which have an interest rate of 2.88 % , plus the three - month LIBOR . the effective income tax rate be 49.2 % in Q1 , compare to 51.5 % last year . the relatively high tax rate be due to the non - deductibility of the health insurance fee . diluted earning per share from continue operation be $ 0.52 this year , compare to $ 0.29 last year . last year ’s number include a $ 0.11 impact from the health insurance fee and transaction cost . diluted share outstanding be 122.6 million share for this year , compare to 118.7 million share in Q1 last year . cash , investment and restrict deposit total $ 3 billion at March 31 , include $ 97 million hold by unregulated entity . for risk base capital , it continue to maintain capital in the excess of 350 % of the authorized control level , exclude any interim statutory impact relate to the health insurance fee . it medical claim liability be almost $ 2 billion at March 31 , and represent 45.5 day in claim payable . it total debt be $ 1.1 billion at quarter - end , include $ 125 million of borrowing under it revolving credit agreement . it debt - to - capital ratio , exclude it $ 69 million non - recourse mortgage note be 36.6 % , compare to 31.7 % at year - end . cash flow from operation be $ 45 million , which be 0.7 time net earning . this be a low level than it have be run , primarily as a result of one - state change the timing of it payment to it . this result in it receive only two monthly capitation payment during the quarter . go forward it will receive three payment each quarter . it 2015 guidance number have be update to reflect it first quarter performance . for the full year 2015 , it expect premium and service revenue of $ 20.5 billion to $ 21 billion , dilute earning per share $ 2.60 to $ 2.72 , consolidated health benefit ratio of 89.2 % to 89.6 % , G&A expense ratio 8.0 % to 8.4 % , effective income tax rate of 48 % to 50 % , and diluted share outstanding of 123 million to 124 million share . as have be it policy , it guidance number do not include any impact from acquisition , which have not yet close . lastly , it business expansion cost be estimate to be between $ 0.22 to $ 0.25 per share for this year . this conclude it remark and operator it may now open the line for question . question - and - answer session  it , Sir . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays . please go ahead . hi ,  . just skim to the Q , it just want to confirm , it look like there be a $ 10 million benefit from the Louisiana transaction and then it see $ 10 million for charitable contribution to foundation . be it fair to say those be offset and no impact to the P&L together ? it think that ’ correct . okay . okay . second question , on the commercial revenue , it health insurance exchange membership come in a little bit strong than it be look for . be it guy still below the 2 % threshold for the deductibility of compensation expense ? Michael Neidorff yes , it be still below in it plan forecast and it approach to it . so it ’ continue to be below 2 % . okay . and maybe that as it trail down through the rest of the year , be that sort of fair to say ? Michael Neidorff yeah , there be various way it approach it and it be ensure that it do stay below it . okay .  it , Michael . and then just last one on sort of RFP pipeline and any change in guidance , the revenue be up a couple of hundred million buck . be any of that a change in it assumption around it underlying business or be that just sort of centurion and thing that it have announce , it guess maybe just oppose that with how the current RFP pipeline look ? Michael Neidorff Bill , do it want to comment on the [ indiscernible ] ? it think it guidance increase generally reflect the impact of several of the outstanding rfp it have at the end of the year be the reprocurement . those be all now bake into it guidance , Arizona , Missouri , and the Texas Foster Care and a few other change that it have have an update from that point in time . so , it will let Jesse speak to the open rfp . yeah , Josh , it would speak to just – as it relate to the cycle , there be number of rfp that be in process right now . once those come to it natural conclusion and it will reflect those in it result accordingly . okay . but it be assume like exist business like Georgia et cetera , it assume it have just get an assumption of reprocurement . it mean , it be curious if Ohio be [ ph ] in there or anything else ? so , Georgia would not really impact 2015 , it think that ’ a July 2016 effective date . so it think that with respect to the remainder of the year , it be not anticipate any change in term of particular win or loss in it guidance number . Michael Neidorff if it go after the new state assembly , it never include those . it ’ one reward and it do not comment on until the state announce that particular [ indiscernible ] . okay . alright , perfect ,  . Michael Neidorff it next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America . please go ahead . hi , this be actually Steve Baxter on for Kevin . it be hope it could talk about the performance of the Florida MMA and Long Term Care Programs . it guess can it talk about it progress in manage medical cost low since the launch of these contract ? and it guess whether it see a path towards sustainable margin in these business without receive a rate increase from the state ? Michael Neidorff well , it continue to – it will let Rone and other add to it . it continue work effectively with the state . it be look at the rate side as well , but obviously , where it can see from the guidance it continue to believe it will achieve it goal there in that market . anything it want to add , Rone ? well , it always anticipate a level of pressure with respect to the HBR in the initial year of it program and that ’ something that it expect . it see that with the LTC program and it see work with the state get to a more appropriate place with respect to the program . it be see similar pressure in the MMA program and it ’ something that ’ actively be discuss among all the plan in Florida and the state of Florida as well . it be optimistic that this – it have have a long history in Florida . it have be a good partner to work with . as Rone indicate , Long Term Care be resolve last year particularly in the fourth quarter and it would expect in 2015 to have similar change impact the MMA program . okay . now that make sense , it guess have there be any update on the discussion around the formulary in Florida , because it seem like that would be a potentially painless way for the state to come up with a fix without necessarily have to budget more money ? Michael Neidorff it talk about it , but as be the case last year , it guidance and budgeting include the formulary as it be today . and if it affect any change , it can reflect that , but as it be conservative and appropriate to not plan on one at this time . okay  and then it guess in term of the composite rate update of 0 % to 1 % be there an assumption in there for Florida ? Michael Neidorff well it be a mix of all the plan to what amount , but … it have not anticipate in the guidance number any significant change in the MMA program for 2015 . it have include in it guidance and where it be right now , and so it will wait and see how that progress during the course of the year . okay .  it very much . the next question will come from Brian Wright of Sterne , Agee . please go ahead .   . it apologize if it miss this , but do it quantify the impact of flu on the quarter ? it do not put specific dollar in there . it think that from it perspective it really have , last year the 13 , 14 season be a relatively mild season . it anticipate in it guidance that it would have a more average flu season and it think what it probably have be slightly above average , but within it range of expectation and estimate that it have for flu during the course of this current year . so , it think from it standpoint it do not really want to quantify specific number , other say be within it range of expectation . okay . and then , so how do it think about see – historically borrow product mix , historically the second quarter have be a well quarter than the first quarter , be that – it would expect kind of give where flu be this year that this year that trend would continue , be there any reason to not think that that would occur . Michael Neidorff typically the first quarter be it high cost quarter and so it have see that year - after - year , so … okay . and then just one last follow - up if it can , the sequential increase in the service revenue , how much of that be , it tell it primarily that year - over - year increase in service be a carrier , be most of the sequential increase that carry as well ? great ,  it . it next question will come from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities . please go ahead .  it . as some of the complex care contract anniversary and move into the exist business line , how should it think about what an appropriate exist MLR look like in 2015 to 2017 ? Michael Neidorff it think that the first year obviously have be run high . it think this be go to run closer to it long term expectation by the time it get into the second year , but the complex care product be rate generally at a high HBR up unto the low 90 in most case . so , it would expect that it would have that normal progression . it give it it health benefit ratio guidance of 89.2 % to 89.6 % , it feel that ’ a good number for the whole year on a blended basis without try to break that into a complex care and everything else . but it do expect as it have add more complex care . so it will start roll over into be exist business , but it will not have a dramatic impact in it overall HBR other than what it show in it guidance . got it . and wonder if it peer , roll - out it Medicaid revenue guidance base on those opt - out turn higher than expect , can it speak to how opt - out level be trend in it market and how that compare to it expectation ? Michael Neidorff Bill it want to make a comment on this ? Opt - out have affect it in it dual demonstration program really in Ohio with this point and as Michael mention , it opt - out rate in it opening comment , it opt - out rate be 30 % which be approximately 30 % , which be very much in - line with it expectation . so , it experience with opt - out have be very much in accordance with what it projection be at this point ? great ,  it . it next question will come from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley . please go ahead .   . maybe if it could just talk about obviously it give the flat to 1 % , but within that any view on the price decline for expansion rate , if it guy have less exposure than maybe some of it peer expansion there ? Michael Neidorff yeah , it think it have to be recognize that this ongoing discussion with a lot of state be probably prudent to not get too specific on any one state to indicate what it expectation be . it think the one thing that it would mention be , on the Medicaid expansion business , in many of the state it start out with relatively high rate , but it have a minimum HBR . so what ’ happen and it have to accrue for the minimum , so to the extent that it reduce rate , it also reduce the amount that it have to pay back to the state for the minimum . so it do not think overall it ’ go to have much of an impact on it overall rate increase number because it be already accrue for that payback . okay , that ’ helpful . maybe change of direction here , since [ indiscernible ] announce another win in that program here , maybe if it could just talk to it a little bit more about how it should think about that business long term here , the type of margin potential and it sound like RFP be come to market at a fast rate versus maybe it original expectation or how should it think about those opportunity come to market ?  it . Michael Neidorff so ,  for the question . obviously , it be excited about the momentum on the correctional space with it fifth contract . and one of the thing that it have look at from the beginning be , in the context of it – broaden it offering for it state customer , it think Mississippi be a good example of that where it already have a strong presence in that market . but there be – it think the reason it be go after these opportunity , there be a number of state that either have correctional program that be come up for bid or these service be change or state on current department of correction that be move in that general direction . so it be see what , it would call , a strong momentum in that area . that ’ a subset of the pipeline that be , it would say , quite active at this point and it be fortunate to be successful in that . to it other question , these be go to be relatively small . it ’ not go to be the same size as , say , it health plan contract by example . but it do think that there be some of the pricing dynamic that it talk more generally about it 3 % to 5 % pre - tax margin objective . it have have reason to believe in it initial experience that it can achieve that in the correctional space as well . and then , just a quick follow - up on that . how do it guy consider this business , as a government business , commercial business , do it apply to the de minimis rule ? yeah , it definitely would consider this to be a government business . okay .  it . it next question will come from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities . please go ahead . hi , just like to get a little more clarity on the $ 11 per member per month drop in revenue sequentially from fourth quarter to the first quarter . it think with the high acuity business that would be go higher or be there some one - time item in either the fourth quarter or the first quarter that cause that to drop ? it take a couple of thing . in the fourth quarter , it receive some additional revenue in Florida on Long Term Care and a few other thing which sort of raise the pmpm number in the fourth quarter . and in Q1 , it also add a large membership in Louisiana for two month , which end up show a low pmpm when it do that calculation . so there be nothing unusual in there . Michael Neidorff it ’ a timing mix . and rate have no impact on that , really the 0 % to 1 % rate be relatively true for the first quarter here ? Michael Neidorff okay . and any update on Kentucky and what ’ go on there , if it do not mind ? Michael Neidorff well , as it have say many time , it do not comment on litigation , so it continue to wind it way through the various court . and as promise , it ’ go to take some time . Michael Neidorff it may add it be still optimistic . it next question will come from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs . please go ahead . yes . hi , it may have miss this earlier in the call , but can it talk about the 3r ’s and it realize it ’ not a big business for it , but have it finish – it look like from the state insurance report , it do actually quite well on the exchange in term of underwriting result at least base on Celtic . so can it address that and then how it be treat the 3r ’s to come into 2015 ? sure . it think that with respect to 2014 , it do finish out better probably than it anticipate it do . and base on the information that it have and it estimation on risk adjustment for example , it estimate there will be a payer and it will have to pay back in , same thing on the risk corridor . and there be a footnote in it 10-Q on the amount that it have as receivables and payable for December 31 and March 31 , and so it can look there for additional detail . and so , it think that in 2015 , it ’ early to have any solid prediction for the year , but right now , base on it current estimate , it be assume it will be in a similar position on risk adjustment give it have a similar membership and the characteristic of the membership that it have add in the state of the same . Michael Neidorff and those number have be approve . so … yeah , it ’ all … Michael Neidorff [ indiscernible ] footnote . all these number be include , so there be no impact on the record earning . got it . and maybe on a separate level , can it give it some sense of how many of it state it be run up against – or it should say , for full year 2014 , it be run up against point where it need to payback rebate ? and it be sorry , if it disclose this information already . it do not think it get into level of detail by state , but generally , it would say , most , if not all . Michael Neidorff it feel pretty consistent in that . alright . alright ,  it . it next question will come from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners . please go ahead . yeah ,  ,  . so the first question be about it g&a. it come in at 8.8 % , but it be reiterate 8 % to 8.4 % . it be curious about how those synergy be play out with it CHS transaction in Louisiana , and if that ’ the driver of it guidance reiteration ? and then go beyond that , if this OpEx leverage as it grow membership in exist state and shift next to low G&A product , what be it normalized G&A likely to be and when may it get there ? sure . it think for the first quarter , it G&A rate be 8.5 % and it guidance for the whole year be 8.0 % to 8.4 % . so it think typically what happen in the first quarter , it be make it normal estimate for the whole year i.e. one fourth of the estimate [ ph ] for lot of item . in the fourth quarter , those accrue up to actual when it get to the end of the year . so it think it be probably a little more conservative in the first quarter on the G&A , then it may – which will play out during the course of the year . and it think that it have also get additional revenue come on during the course of the year . the membership for example in Louisiana be only there for two month in the first quarter as oppose to the whole quarter . and so that will have an impact – slight impact to the rest of the year also . okay .  . so it sound like it make 8.2 % , but 8.2 % it floor or can it get below that go forward ? on the midpoint basis , with all the … ? it think there be a lot of different thing that go into that in term of addition in other type of business that it have , so that the mix can be an important element of that . but generally , when it peal back some of the nonrecurre item , let it say , it be see a definite improvement in it G&A ratio and reduction as it gain leverage with the additional revenue growth . okay ,  . the second question , it be hear again that any day this federal regulation be due for manage Medicaid and it have talk about the rate and context of MLR floor in many state . and it think one of it competitor have be talk about cross subsidization of over earn with under earn segment . what may it be expect go forward and what be company like it lobby for with CMS ? Michael Neidorff it think , it expect minimum [ indiscernible ] be actively engage on those regulation and work through it and it be comfortable that the regulation that will come out as best it can estimate it to this point in time will be consistent with it expectation and guidance . okay ,  . and then last one on Georgia , any update on that as far as the current rfp and then the likelihood of ABD be privatize as well ? Michael Neidorff [ indiscernible ] the RFP will continue to respond to it and it have real confidence on that . it be confident on that [ indiscernible ] equivocally and it be very confident on it . and as far as the additional product that have be not include in the RFP at this point in time and until it do , it presume it be not . anything it want to add , Jesse ? no , it think that ’ – it have certainly be prepare for reprocurement in Georgia for a long time . it be strong believer in it performance . it be do everything it can to retain that contract and put it into position that if the program do expand , it will be able to participate in that . great ,  so much , very helpful . it next question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial . please go ahead . hi  . it apologize if it already provide some color on this stuff , but the HPR for this sort of the traditional Medicaid chip foster care line , it it give the detail do go up pretty meaningfully year - to - year and that look like a slightly different trend than what it see at the end of 2014 , be there anything go on there that ’ notable ? it would say that there be , it know mix come into play in the growth that it have in some of those area like it add in Louisiana , several hundred thousand member and so it be relatively conservative in the initial estimate for a new block of business and so that continue . nothing it would say of any great consequence that there be true - up in the fourth quarter sometimes , but the MMA business in Florida be still run a little high than what the original actuarial target rate would be that the State set that cause some increase . Michael Neidorff it mean there be no underlie major increase in trend . it add 200,000 in Louisiana and that ’ – it always build as it know new membership at a high mmr for the first few quarter . okay . just a follow - up on one of it early question relate to the RFP pipeline and clearly understand sensitivity be when it be actually involve in a process and not want to sort of predict the outcome , but right now it sort of have visibility that Iowa be come down the pike and it think some more small chunk in maybe Louisiana , but be there any notable rpf out there that it the Street may not be aware of that be worth highlight to people just to get a sense for what may be come next year [ indiscernible ] these invisibility and something that ’ know to it guy , but not to it . Michael Neidorff it would say the answer be yes , that ’ part of it job . it job obviously be to create some of these opportunity that it have visibility before it can communicate those thing more broadly , both for it and for competitor and other . so , it think it be – it would say it continue to be very active on that front and optimistic that it will maintain momentum to create opportunity in new market and additional opportunity in it exist market . okay , alright , it will leave it at that .  a lot guy . Michael Neidorff it next question will come from Dave Windley of Jefferies . please go ahead . sure ,  . it ’ Dave Styblo for Windley . couple of question , just want to start off with it capital structure that the cap be up now to 37 % since steadily rise over the last several year , just curious where it guy see that shake out in the long - term and it appetite for continue to put on more debt versus when it may need to tap into the equity market if ever ? Michael Neidorff it think that the reason that it be up in the first quarter be it have it think about $ 188 million of capital contribution into it sub in the first quarter . so that ’ a high proportion in the first quarter than the whole , it think the whole year be around 550 . so it put more than the proportion , it know the one - fourth of it in the first quarter for a number of reason and so as a result it ’ a little high now , it expect it to trend downward for the rest of calendar year and it think as it say , have be do some of the acquisition it have be do it include equity as a meaningful part of the consideration , one way or the other and it think it have still as a practice that it want to continue to follow . so , it think it be comfortable with where it be in the debt - to - cap ratio in the mid-30s . it expect to continue to be there , give the interest rate that make sense to be there and so that ’ it plan . okay , and then at a conference last month , it have mention that it 2 % to 3 % net income margin , long term margin be partially depend on interest rate pick up and get some sort of benefit from that , it be curious , how much of an impact from it call it , 1.5 % level this year would be bake into that 2 % to 3 % goal ? Michael Neidorff it think it say , it be look to be in the 2 % to 3 % , but above the 3 % over time from operation . and that additional upside beyond that would be a function of interest income . okay . so the 2 % to 3 % do not – it do not need any benefit from the interest income ? Michael Neidorff it may get some from it while it be bloom through the operation side , improve operation margin , but that 2 % to 3 % should be from operation . and none of that be bake into 2015 , it be not – it be consider flat rate for the year in it guidance calculation . okay . and then lastly just on the business expansion cost that it have reiterate , curious how do it think about these evolve over time at some point , do it – be there some sort of leverage where it be able to possibly pull that number on down or be that sort of a sustained level that ’s need as it continue to reprocure business or go after new business ? Michael Neidorff a lot of it ’ go to be a size of the particular deal that it do . and so , it – there be many factor as it get large , obviously , it expect more of if it can absorb [ ph ] it . it be also look at other capability , other deal that maybe large some point in time . it think it have see the market expand over the last several year as indicate by it revenue growth . so it be a key participant in that . and so it would not expect it business expansion cost to go down . it would expect it would continue to go up and that ’ what drive it a large revenue increase . so it would say more the same . sure . okay .  it very much . it next question will come from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank . please go ahead .  . first question and sorry if this have already be address in the prepared remark , but where it pay yet for the Texas industry fee that it have accrue for at the end of the year and if not in the first quarter , when be it expect to receive that payment ? it think the plan in Texas be to pay that in the second quarter and so everything be on target for that it believe . okay . and then just a second question , just on the exist MLR , look like that increase year - over - year , be that really just a function of increase flu pressure or be there some other factor worth spike out ? and then also with Florida MMA , be that include within exist business or be that include within new business in the first quarter ? MMA be in both because it have some pretty – it already have exist business Medicaid , tanf business in Florida market before it expand to the whole state . it think it increase year - over - year in it HBR be really drive , it say earlier , by the mix . it continue to have high acuity membership , which drive that . and then when it be compare first quarter this year to first quarter last year , last year be a relatively mild flu season . this year , it say it be a more normal average or slightly above average season , but it be within it expectation and guidance forecast . so , nothing unusual on that regard and typical first quarter have the high – seasonally it ’ the high HBR quarter for it . 