this morning it will review it first quarter financial performance compare to pro forma result from the first quarter of last year which include the Enventis acquisition . it will hold that with confirmation of it 2015 guidance . financial result for the period be as follow ; operate revenue for the first quarter be $ 192.6 million compare to $ 193.9 million in the first quarter last year . as Bob mention , exclude revenue for equipment sale and service , it recur revenue be slightly high year - over - year and sequentially . the increase be primarily drive by continued growth in commercial and carrier 's sale , consumer broadband revenue . the growth area be partially offset by decline in consumer voice and network access service . total operating expense exclusive of depreciation and amortization be $ 122.3 million compare to $ 120.3 million for the same quarter last year . the increase be primarily drive by $ 3.5 million in high video programming cost and approximately $ 1 million in high integration and severance expense . these be partially offset by realization of cost saving associate with Enventis acquisition . net interest expense for the quarter be $ 20.7 million compare to $ 22 million for the first quarter of 2014 . the improvement be attributable to the fourth quarter of 2014 repurchase of $ 73 million of it senior note which be replace of low interest rate . other income net be $ 6.4 million compare to $ 7.4 million for the same period last year . for the quarter it see $ 7.1 million in cash distribution from it Verizon wireless partnership , compare to $ 9.1 million for the first quarter of 2014 . the low distribution be result of continue growth and success Verizon have have on it Edge program where equipment be pay by customer over a period of time versus the time of purchase . weigh all these factor and adjust for certain item that be outline in the table on it press release , adjust net income be $ 10.2 million , and adjust net income per share be $ 0.20 , an increase compare to $ 9 million and $ 0.18 per share for the same period last year . adjusted EBITDA be $ 79.7 million in the quarter compare to $ 83.4 million for the first quarter of last year . capital expenditure for the quarter be $ 32.7 million with roughly two - third be drive by success base project . from a liquidity standpoint , it end the quarter with approximately $ 9.3 million in cash and $ 31 million available under it revolver . for the first quarter , it total net leverage ratio as calculate in it earning release be 4.2x. cash available to pay dividend be $ 27.1 million result in a dividend payout ratio of 71.4 % . now let it reiterate it 2015 guidance . capital expenditure be expect to be in the range of $ 122 million to $ 129 million . it CapEx guidance include $ 5.2 million of integration CapEx from the Enventis acquisition . cash interest cost be expect to be in the range of $ 78 million to $ 81 million , and cash income taxis be expect to be in the range of $ 4 million to $ 8 million . with respect to it dividend , it Board of Directors have declare the next quarterly dividend of approximately $ 0.39 per common share payable on August 1 , 2015 to shareholder of record on July 15 , 2015 . this will represent it 40th consecutive quarterly dividend . with that it will now turn the call back over to Bob for closing remark .  , Steve . so in summary , 2015 be off to a good start as it continue to execute on it strategy . it be excited about the future and confident that achievement of it strategic initiative will drive increase shareholder value . and so with that , it would like to open it up for question . Shannon ? question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Davis Heyworth [ ph ] with Wells Fargo Securities . it may begin . Unidentified Analyst  , everyone ,  for take the question . on the Ethernet growth , it be just curious if it disclose a percentage of revenue from Metro Ethernet , if that be available ?  for the question Davis . and let it approach the question this way and then it want to make sure that it have answer what it be ask . Metro Ethernet growth in term of the increase have grow in unit about 21 % year - over - year and in revenue about 7.5 % . and as – if the question be in reference to what portion of it revenue that be , it have not disclose that but it would think about it as the most significant contributor of revenue growth in it commercial customer group . Unidentified Analyst okay , that be helpful . and a lot of it peer have be talk about the CAF-2 opportunity , it be just curious of it could possibly size that up for it , and how it be approach that this year ? Davis , this be Steve , it will try that one . with respect to the CAF-2 it do just recently get the offer – the right of first refusal letter from the FCC , and it be be still go through in evaluate the cost of bill , what that revenue opportunity be and the result be actually a little bit well than what it have be anticipate . so as it will see disclaimer on 10-q and that be file later today , the CAF-2 funding opportunity be $ 14 million and again , it have until August 27 to make that decision in which state it be accept in and which state it may go to auction it . so , again slightly favorable compare to what it have be plan on for the last couple of year , and even though it be probably go to be a step down in total revenue , it continue to be very confident of it ability to manage through the multi - year transition period provide by the plan and also as why it have be so hyper focus on execute it strategy to grow in a carrier in commercial channel of it business and really work hard to diversify more revenue stream . Unidentified Analyst alright , it be helpful . and then it want to ask question on the video connection , just a slight decline in connection this quarter , be there something that consumer be switch to other provider or it quote cut or be it something it be not emphasize as much give the high programming cost ? it be really the latter , and specifically to it strategy around the consumer business , the high margin opportunity be the value add data connection and internet access , so it have be focus on speed increase , and if it look at the industry as a whole , the transition over the top opportunity be where it strategy as well have shift , and so with part of the response to 100-meg and 1-gig internet launch and it promotion be build around that emphasis , the easy way to think about it be , it be deemphasize the video package on a standalone basis and use it as a complement to it bundle to grow the ARPU and the average profit margin of it consumer business . Unidentified Analyst it be helpful , and last one for it and it will let someone else jump on . just a leverage outlook here at 4.2X , it think it want to get under the floor , maybe if it could just clarify it preference for leverage over the next 12 month ?  it . Davis , this be Steve . it think it view remain the same and it look forward to take that modestly in the quarter and as it think about capital structure , it do not think it have to get into necessarily the low three or whatever but get below four time it think would be kind what the target be . Unidentified Analyst and the only thing it would add there be , it be go to be opportunistic with the market be good to continue to look at it capital structure and optimize interest expense and reduce it when possible . so that be something it be always evaluate for the benefit of it shareholder and long term cash flow . Unidentified Analyst okay .  it very much .  it . it next question come from Barry Sine of Drexel Hamilton . it may begin .  , gentleman . it want to start out and ask it , obviously the key to growth driver here be it business of fiber , it want to ask about the sale force , what be the current size of the quarter bear sale force ? what be it see there in term of productivity ? with the merger be everybody in place or there be still more piece , hire or system that it need to put in place to get that sale force tick at false speed ? Barry ,  for the question . that be really where it integration focus have be over the last two quarter , and of course it be only start with the erp this time and get a view of the financial landscape and it start out the year , convert on the common platform , but it also start out the year with a common sale organization . and that strategy have be get great traction , it have get roughly 120 right now sale resource , average productivity target be $ 3,000 plus range but of course it have get some people ramp at different stage , it have have an expansion in Dallas last year which it talk about , it have add a team in a couple of different market . and so it think over the last quarter it probably add six new sale people on in total , but to address to it question with regard to the north – which it be call Enventis to north region , it be fully productive already , it be very happy with it traction in the first quarter feel quite optimistic about how to mention even that product in the sale strategy or discipline around how it divide up the account be quite structured . it go from a very focused sober gold / platinum framework that have a very disciplined account management for exist customer 's renewal process and then a high touch consultative sale approach for prospect in it hunter group . so it be feel really good about both the Metro Ethernet growth of the platform and the new product activity that be in the pipeline to add value and stickiness to that Metro Ethernet relationship with it customer . okay , that be helpful . next question , it have change the reporting structure in term of the revenue category , and it think that be quite informed of that , it think that show the business the way it guy be really operate it . as analyst , it do not have a lot of history with that new structure so maybe it could give it some comment to help it think about that . on the commercial side it just grow 3.7 % , it sound like that can accelerate a little bit . consumer , sound like it be not go to invest there , maybe flattish at best . equipment , it guy be all over the place , it be guess , present on wide – maybe it can give it some near term – be 2q go to be another drop down ? do it have any big order there ? usually on subsidy it be able to give pretty good sense of the direction there , down about 2 % in the quarter year - over - year and then access with a pretty big tick down , what be it look for the next – the rest of this year on excess revenue ? Barry , this be Steve , it will try and then Bob can jump in if it want to redirect . it think it initial thought on commercial and carrier growth rate it see for this quarter be what it expect and again it have a lot of several bill opportunity , some nice expansion opportunity , and it be look for nice growth on the commercial carrier side , consumer base what Bob describe in term of the strategy change . it would expect video to be flat to decline , it still expect to see growth in the broadband video on that side . the equipment sale and service , at the end , if it look at the revenue chart that it have in the earning release on Page 10 , it section say Page 10 of the earning release , that equipment sale and service like be go to be – it do not know whether to call it lumpy or volatile or whatever , but the number be go to bounce around a little bit . and just for perspective , what the EIS business for Enventis last year have a high of $ 22 million in quarter , and a low of $ 11 million , it be little bit below that for first quarter of ' 15 , and a way to think about that business be kind of base in a relationship with Cisco , when it be run promotion , and the activity be really go to happen in the second and third quarter of the year . so last year on a standalone basis EIS would have be about $ 60 million business . it still expect that to be a $ 60 million business this year , although it be low for Q1 of this year . subsidy number , it think it be probably directionally correct , obviously it have be see a little bit of a step down with it Texas subsidy which it can – it will not go through that , it can look at the 10-Q for kind of the direction on that and again , number will adjust base on CAF-2 funding overtime . network access , it would expect that continue to see the decline that it see first quarter . it have the step down , every July 1 it be have a step down to match excess rate or just give costlier 0.0075 or whatever the bottom range be , plus just the deterioration of the minute of use in network access on special and switch access , it be probably go to continue to modestly decline for it . it hope that address it question ? that be great , it get it all , write down , that be very thorough . just a follow - up on the equipment revenue , the concern there be , that be so volatile that it can exceed or miss quarter in term of revenue but what that number do ? it be think that maybe – it know it do not have a crystal ball out to on that but just over the next quarter or so , it sound like it be say with promotional activity from Cisco that it probably see a little bit strong quarter for equipment revenue , at least for the second quarter ? yes , it would - it would step up to that . and only thing it would add Barry be that , it get to remember that be a low margin business , so while the revenue be bit inconsistent , it like the talent pool and it like the conversation , and that it allow it to have with customer and while it be low margin and a high EBITDA contributor , it certainly fit it strategy of the consultative sale approach to hunt and prospect with new customer . okay . and it last question just in term of the distribution from the Verizon partnership obviously down and it can understand there have do a finance the edge program enhance that financing . do it have any sense when that introduction of Edge may normalize out so that customer payment of prior Edge commitment start to equalize new Edge commitment and so it distribution can return to prior level and it would grow again . yes , from it point of view that can happen fast enough , it mean just maybe to review those . it think Barry , it be probably really familiar with those but 2013 - 2014 total distribution be about $ 35 million from Verizon wireless , [ indiscernible ] source of diversification or cash flow . it think 2015 despite see the elongated collection time on the Edge side , it will still be in that around the $ 35 million range . and so again , it be – the plus side be it be see a lot of success from subscriber unit with the Edge program , obviously it be put a little pressure on the working capital with the extended payment cycle . it be optimistic that it may consider factor some of those receivable , maybe accelerate the payment . again , it can not give it a specific timeline and when that be go to normalize but it be hopeful that happen sometime later this year . okay , those be it question .  it , gentleman .  it . it next question be from Scott Goldman with Jefferies . it may begin . hi ,  , guy . it also have a few question , it guess a couple of follow - up and then one additional one . just follow up on the distribution side , it mean it seem as though Verizon be historically forward to adapt the device in plan versus some of the peer , so it seem like that accelerate a bit more this year than perhaps people have originally intend . so assume that it do not factor with that change or outlook for what 2015 distribution would be and maybe 1Q would look like a more normal rate or how do that dynamic work ? secondly , a follow - up on the video side , it talk about sort of deemphasize the video give the high programming cost . it be wonder what it be do strategically to focus more on the OTT side , be there opportunity for it to partner with the like of NetFlix or it think it see Cable Vision announce , something be who in the last couple of week spotify thing just this morning , talk about maybe get into web video service or – be there opportunity for it to partner with some of these guy and maybe make for a little bit more compelling offer where it could sort of promote the high speed broadband to tier that it have . and then lastly , just if it could provide any commentary about what it be see from broadband inside , the 1-gigabit market that it have today , it think it probably have it for a few month so . any commentary there , either from a competitive reaction or level of demand in those market for broadband will be great .  it . great . it will take those three question in order , at least it will attempt to . Steve , it can not to start off , distribution follow up . sure , on the distribution follow - up Scott , it question about it if it would factor or normalize whatever with that – only in the distribution . it it be still think about the $ 35 million , be sort odd an – basis assume no improvement in the collection or data collection , the adoption of aspirin or whatever , it would actually see some potentially upside for 2015 if it do do that . so again it think 35,000 be still a pretty decent number of 2015 . and the only thing it would add on the distribution side that it do not dividend to it , separately from it . so it want to realize the cash distribution , and so it motivation be the same . with regard to the video question , the opportunity to partner at it size with NetFlix and Wholose [ ph ] be not quite the same as Verizon and it know that but however , those discussion be start to pick up momentum through it NCPC relationship which be the source for roughly 25 % to 80 % of it broadcast content today . it be also be a resource to help leverage , the HPO on the go and Showtime , thing that be part of it tv anywhere , everywhere product at this stage . so it expect that what it be hear from Spotify [ ph ] and other be go to cause that momentum to increase , and it hope later this year it give it more product flexibility for it consumer bundle and enhance the value of the portal which have a unify log in capability that have allow it to differentiate it consumer product from some of it competitor in the marketplace . the last point , with respect to take rate on 1-gigabit or the benefit that it bring it , it be really early , it be really about the quarter and a half , maybe 4 month into that and it be get traction nicely , and let it tell it what be really the benefit . it be cause in other conversation with it customer . and so while the Gig be of interest , few people really need that kind of speed and it be stay at uptick and it 100-meg or 50-meg or 20-meg product , and so the conversation with the customer have really be the initial good benefit from the launch but it be sure that it will see take rate on the Gig pick up two in the short term future . and just remind it , what percentage of it household can get the 1-gig and sort of where it expect it to be at year end ? yes , it be roughly 5 % now because it be so early and at this stage it would have to get back to it on year end . it think with the momentum it be build in video capacity add , that should more than triple by the end of the year but more to come on that as it have new market launch . great ,  for take it question guy .  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from Frank Lucin [ ph ] with Raymond James , it may begin . Unidentified Analyst great ,  it . it just want to circle back on the CAF-2 it offer , just over $ 14 billion . Can it walk it through what it federal exposure be here ? it be look at it subsidy , it know there be some state subsidy as well , this let it know remind it what that be and be there any property that it may consider walk away from , it be think give it throughput and speed of the it have maybe not but be there anything that it may not want to be able to take ? Frank , this be Steve . in term of the overall impact , CAF-1 funding be about $ 34 million , and so it have be plan on the step down , roughly $ 5 million a year through it model year since this plan get introduce and again it remind it that prior when the high cost support be freeze , it typically see roughly a $ 5 million to $ 6 million reduction and always manage it way through that . in term of – which propertie that it would expect , base on it initial analysis , it would expect to accept it most stake , all over it – there be at least one that will cause it to think about it as it evaluate the bill cost , go forward . so again , it think – it be probably safe to say , most state it want stop and there be one , maybe two that it want to strongly evaluate go to auction now . 