fourth quarter mark a watershed period in the history of it company as it complete the separation of it gas and former coal business . this final separation be many year into make it really go back to around 2005 when it establish it E&P business as a separate business unit with the standalone management team which at the time be CNX Gas . it drill it first marcellus shale well in Southwest PA around 2008 take advantage of it fee acreage position and in 2010 it acquire the many resource appalachian E&P asset , which really catapult the CNX into a major player in unconventional gas in the appalachian basin . in that transaction , it value the deal really on the basis of the marcellus shale it also receive between 450,000 and 500,000 of utica shale on top of it which have become very important look forward . so much have change since then , it have be hard at work . in addition to divest 150 plus year of accumulate coal asset and the associated legacy liability , it also have reset it E&P operation to focus exclusively on drive capital efficiency and begin best - in - class E&P operator . it have introduce big datum and reservoir modeling into it planning and operation couple with it non - op participation in third - party well result from it large acreage position , it think it have an unmatched data set in the Utica Shale . this have make the deep Pennsylvania dry Utica a reality for CNX . if it look at the fourth quarter , it announce preliminary result for two additional Utica well , the Aikens 5j and 5m. those be offset well to it premier Gaut well . these aiken well be perform in - line to slightly well than the Gaut . that say a lot . and over the past 47 day , combine , accumulatively produce 2.43 Bcfe . it operation team reduce drilling complete cost by almost 50 % when it compare it to the initial Gaut well , and assume the same type curve of the Gaut , these aiken well be highly economic . these deep dry Utica well be incredible to say the least . it have only further it excitement of not only dry Utica development , but even more importantly stack pay development . it recent 2018 CapEx budget release of $ 790 million to $ 880 million of which $ 275 million to $ 300 million be associate with non - d&c capital , that help illustrate the point that it be position the company for future stack pay development and it have more to say about that on it Analyst Day in March that Tyler just reference . so in addition to complete the spin - off of it former coal business , and shortly follow the close of the fourth quarter , it complete another transformational transaction , when it acquire Noble Energy ’s 50 % interest in the GP of CNX Midstream , which be formally know as coal Midstream . it be not go to discuss the detail of the acquisition since CNX Midstream cover many of the specific on the transaction call it earlier in the month , but needless to say , the transaction ’ incredibly important to CNX since it give it 100 % operational and strategic control of those Midstream asset . as a result , it become much easy to provide transparency through long - term plan for both CNX shareholder and CNXM unit holder , of which CNX be a major one since it continue to own 21.7 million common LP unit . in addition to the control aspect it just mention , with the amend gas gathering agreement , it have be able to create a long - term solution together dry Utica volume since Southwest Pennsylvania and Northern West Virginia , which again make stacked pay development a reality . the new ownership structure be also go to facilitate drop - down transaction for the benefit of both CNX and CNX Midstream , and the value proposition to CNX Midstream to CNX be substantial , and in it opinion have be misunderstand and overlook externally for year now due impart to accounting complexity , but even more so due to the entity be a part of joint venture that have misalign partner . the accounting complexity have be resolve and the change to CNXM ’s management team and Board of Directors illustrate CNX ’s intent to better align the strategic initiative of CNX and CNX Midstream to unlock the growth potential for both of those company . the completion of the spin and the recent acquisition of the GP of Midstream , it significantly simplify it company , so that it can now more clearly highlight it premier E&P and Midstream asset . it be focus on a future , which be execution drive and not transaction drive . it ’ a future in which it now be in the fortuitous position to go on offence . so when it talk about offence , what do that look like exactly . it would say more of what it have be talk about now for a number of quarter . however , what be previously discuss as a vision be now turn into a reality . it continue to focus and be best - in - class capital allocator with E&P and midstream opportunity set that be the foundation of it company . and management ’s job revolve around where to most appropriately deploy capital and there be three main area that it have to choose from . first , it can back into the drill bit to go towards additional activity . second , it can repurchase share or third , it can repurchase debt . now it have invest in all three of these area , some more than other over the past 12 month . and over the course of the fourth quarter , it have repurchase $ 103 million of CNX share out of the $ 450 million authorization that it have . it be go to continue to evaluate buy back share and base on it decision on rate return when compare to it internal NAV per share view . when it compare buyback opportunity for the other alternative , again , base off of rate of return . needless to say , it continue to see a robust opportunity to further reduce it share count in 2018 and beyond or not exceed it 2.5 time net leverage ratio target . it conviction to do this be drive by it internal plan , and that conviction in large part be drive by it hedge program , which it believe , set it apart from it peer because it de - risk it revenue by hedge both NYMEX and basis . this lock - in revenue help strive it EBITDA target and obviously , it give it great line - of - sight to thing like leverage level . it would like to take a minute , if it could to talk a little bit and highlight the importance and impact of the recent tax reform law pass by congress . it want to start with the impact on CNX Resources , which be meaningfully positive . due to the corporate rate adjustment , it book a $ 269 million credit during the quarter . in addition , it expect to realize a significant benefit from the repeal of the corporate AMT in 2019 and monetization of the AMT credit could be substantial , so it be very pleased with the outcome out of the reform bill . it also see a possible reduction in it cash tax rate move forward , which would also of course be beneficial to both it ownership and it stakeholder . now , it be evaluate it option and consistent with it capital allocation philosophy when it come to how it can most respectively reinvest it tax saving back into the company , into the region and it employee . no matter , which path it choose , it bode very well for it company , for it employee , the region of the Appalachia that it operate and live in , and the overall U.S. economy . that ’ because it now have more resource to put the work across that spectrum . it be able to invest more capital for development , which require more employment and stimulate the local economy where it operate . it can pay it employee ’ base more , especially when it have performance target , which be exactly what it be able to do in this past week base on it 2017 free cash flow incentive plan . taxis play a role in that . it regional gdp be boost by both of these driver when it start to aggregate what it be do across the entire industry with all of it peer cumulatively . and it can now pay down more debt make it balance sheet even strong for sustained growth that be what it do as well in late 2017 and it will likely be do in 2018 . tax reform again play a part in this and as a company 's financial position have strengthen through this and other measure , it see the ripple effect in many area . for example , when CNX be able to reinvest these fund instead of send it off to DC , it help boost the return on asset for pension fund that be prudent enough to invest in it , which then help retiree all across the country , who depend on those fund to ensure it be go to continue to receive it hard - earn check . Quite simply everyone win when company like CNX be able to invest it own money and it asset , employee , and region , where it operate . tax reform have be a win for CNX and it be a win for all stakeholder across a very wide spectrum . this new year truly mark the beginning for it company . although it have work hard to get to where it be today , there ’ still a lot of work to be do . it obviously can not get do unless it have the talent to do it . and as such it would like to summarize and conclude it remark by take the opportunity to  it employee , who have distinguish it the workforce that be second to none . it have be here over 25 year with the company . and it can say with confidence that the team it have today embody a new level of talent , commitment , and hard work . it be proud to see it all to embrace it new corporate value that be include responsibility , ownership and excellence . so  it for all that it have do by work tirelessly to complete a number of really transformational transaction and at the same time , continue to produce extraordinary operating result in a safe and environmentally compliant manner . and  in advance for all that it will continue to do as it now focus on generate superior rate of return and development of it unequaled asset base , again , always in a safe and environmentally compliant manner . future be extremely bright . and with that now , it be go to turn it over to it Chief Financial Officer , Don Rush .  it , Nick , and  . since it have already discuss the CONE deal , it would like to take this time to spend a moment to recap it other major transaction , the coal spin - off that it complete in the fourth quarter . to remind everyone , it pursue the spinoff for a number of reason . but ultimately , it believe that the market be under - appreciate it asset and it former structure . so consistent with it NAV - per - share - drive philosophy , it work hard to address it and the result speak for it as it can see on slide 6 . as of last week ’s close in aggregate over the first two month , share have increase by almost 20 % compare to it appalachian gas peer , who be flat over the same time period . basically , it have create two world - class company with great balance sheet and bright future . and in do so , it drive by value creation for it shareholder . the transaction be a success and it be really execute to have this strategic milestone behind it . so it can start it next chapter and begin to operate as a pure play E&P Company and it see plenty of opportunity to continue to grow the NAV per share of the company move forward . let it discuss the quarterly result start on slide 7 . it have adjust net income from continue operation of $ 222 million or $ 0.98 per diluted share and adjust EBITDA from continue operation of approximately $ 173 million for the quarter . and it finish the year with EBITDA from continue operation of $ 476 million . however , it think it be important to point out that if it be to simply annualize it Q4 EBITDA number ; it would have an EBITDA run rate of over $ 690 million annually . it really think this help to visualize the rapid quarter - to - quarter ebitda growth ; it have be talk about for some time now . also in the fourth quarter , it have capital expenditure of $ 233 million , drive by a ramp in drilling and completion activity , which it will allow it growth trajectory to continue into 2018 . slide 8 , highlight it hedging activity through 2022 . now it know Nick mention it hedge program , but it would like to briefly expand upon it remark . it hedging program give it the conviction to achieve it plan and protect it from NYMEX standpoint and an in - basin price risk . this strategy be different and it take pride in that . it have layer in , almost one - for - one a basis hedge , couple with it NYMEX hedge . this strategy protect it from in - basin price issue without it need to take out a lot of expensive , long - term take - or - pay FT . in the fourth quarter , it add 279 and 209 Bcf of NYMEX and basis hedge respectively . for 2018 , approximately 70 % of it total production volume be fully cover . this mean that 374.9 Bcf in 2019 be not expose to further basis differential or NYMEX swing . so it truly have a fully lock - in average realize price of $ 2.76 per Mcf on those volume . it be still bullish on natural gas and it will continue to benefit by effectively dollar cost average it hedge overtime . this program be the cornerstone of it capital allocation strategy and give it the ability to thrive in any environment , achieve it leverage target confidently and consequently benefit for any spared capacity on it balance sheet through additional activity , acquisition or more share repurchase . before turn it over to Tim , it would like to hit on some update 2018 guidance . start on Slide 9 , it can see it adjust 2018 EBITDA remain consistent with what it announce in it capital budget release earlier in the month . adjust EBITDA for the year be expect to be between $ 845 million and $ 895 million . this include approximately $ 60 million to $ 90 million of EBITDA attributable to CNX for it ownership in CNXM . for OpEx , it could see that it total cash production and gathering cost be expect to come down by almost $ 0.20 per Mcfe in 2018 . this be mostly drive from an expect reduction to the transportation , gathering and compression line item . it start to see this trend in the fourth quarter , and it expect it to continue throughout 2018 . it be mainly drive by low cost , dry Utica volume in it Monroe County , Ohio area , make up a large percentage of it production mix . also off note , it SG&A cost be expect to go up on an absolute dollar basis compare to 2017 . this increase be be drive by reallocation for how this expense be calculate . previously , corporate employee be partially allocate to E&P , coal and other segment like Baltimore Terminal . follow the spin , obviously many of the corporate employee be now allocate 100 % to E&P , which be drive a modest increase in SG&A due to the reallocation . other operating expense be expect to be between $ 70 million to $ 75 million drive by decline in idle rig fee . as for leverage , it target be to be at 2.5 time net debt - to - EBITDA in 2018 and at the end of 2017 , it have a net debt position of approximately $ 1.7 billion . if it annualize the fourth quarter 2017 EBITDA , like it do earlier , it be just under the 2.5 time target and assume full - year 2018 EBITDA guidance , it be materially under it . lastly , as Nick mention , it receive a tax benefit this quarter from the recently pass tax reform legislation . for model purpose , it expect it effective cash tax rate from continue operation to be between 27 % to 28 % for 2018 . however , it project that it will not pay cash taxis for a number of year give some of the tax attribute that it retain from the recent spin - off transaction . with that , it will hand it over to Tim .  , Don and  . before it turn to the slide , it would like to take a minute to reiterate some of the previous point on the importance of the CNX Midstream Transaction and what be mean from an operational perspective . now that the upstream and midstream entity have complete alignment from a management and development standpoint , the two company can work in tandem to drive efficient production and ebitda growth . the big change result from the transaction be the fact that a key portion of CNX 's Utica acreage be now dedicated to the MLP , which greatly simplify and accelerate it shift to stack pay development . the now single sponsor CNX Midstream be position to build out the infrastructure necessary to simultaneously gather Marcellus and utica volume in Southwest PA , which will help drive grow rate for return for CNX Resources . it expect to share some of the detail about the stack pay process and how it plan to implement it over the near term at it upcoming Analyst Day . now turn to slide 11 . let it look at it operational result for the quarter . total sale volume in the quarter be 119 Bcfe , up 17 % quarter - over - quarter . the majority of this increase be drive by 68 % increase in Utica volume as production benefit from new well in the Monroe County , Ohio in the early day of Aikens production of in the cpa deep drive Utica . total production cost decline primarily due to the increased mix of low cost Monroe county dry Utica volume , which benefit from a favorable gathering rate . in full - year 2017 . it experience modest service cost inflation particularly in profit and pressure pumping service . for 2018 , it currently have two frac crew under contract with an option on a third crew . and it do not anticipate meaningful service cost increase beyond what it see in 2017 . in fact , in the third quarter of 2018 , drill rate of 50 % of it fleet be expect to drop by 10 % due to the expiration of some legacy contract rate . generally , it be see the cost be now level out follow the run up cause by the return to development in 2017 . on Slide 12 , it 2017 activity be lay out alongside it plan for 2018 . in Q4 , 2017 it turn in - line 15 total well . four in the Marcellus , 10 in the Utica and one Upper Devonian . those 10 well include eight Monroe county and two aiken well . for the full - year 2017 it drill a total of 30 well and turn in - line 56 with the little more than half of those til come from the Marcellus . it end the quarter with three rig run in Southwest PA , but since then it move one back to Monroe county , it anticipate add a fourth rig in the middle of this year . those four rig will spend the majority of the year in Southwest PA but will also split some time in Monroe county and the deep drive Utica . in total it expect to drill 75 well in 2018 turn in - line 59 well , and of those 59 til 46 will be in the Marcellus . in slide 13 , demonstrate , why it be excited about the activity that it have line up for the rest of the year . as see on the top of that slide , it new Morris well in Southwest PA continue to outperform the legacy tight curve by more than 75 % on an EUR per 1000 foot basis . these result be drive by increase lateral length , high profit loading and a series of completion optimization technique base on it experience within the region and a wealth of datum and model input . while it be excited about the prospect for this year in the Southwest PA Marcellus as a standalone asset , the economic change substantially with the long term addition of stack pay development . to that end , all pad construct in the region be do with stacked pay in mind . and with complete control of the Midstream MLP , it plan for dual formation development have be accelerate and it be build it into it near term development strategy . slide 14 be an update on the Aikens ' 5j and 5 M deep dry Utica well locate in Westmoreland County PA . these well be offset to the Gaut well . and be feel very exciting early result . the 5j be complete with the similar design to the Gaut in order to help prove up the asset and ensure repeatable result and technique , and the result be in - line with what it expect . the 5 M completion design be test high proppant loading and a model - drive proppant selection . early indication be that the 5 M be on track to be the second good well in the basin up to this point . both well be perform above it previously state 3.5 Bcf per 1,000 foot EUR type curve with cumulative production in the first 47 day of 2.4 Bcf . this be base on a flowing pressure of £ 8,672 and average production rate of 24 million cubic foot per day , which it expect to hold flat for approximately 18 month . give it capital cost of about $ 15 million per well on approximately 7,000 foot lateral , it believe that it have prove the commercial viability of the deep Utica by produce after - tax rate of return of about 50 % . it plan to continue drill the deep Utica with 4 td and 2 til plan in 2018 . it be currently work on a well in Indiana County , PA , call the Marchand , and expect to turn it in - line sometime this summer . it ongoing modeling work and grow dataset give it confidence in these future well in the near - term future of the play . today , it reaffirm it full 2018 production guidance of 520 to 550 Bcfe . and the chart on Slide 15 show broadly how it plan to get there . in early December , it reach a new record production rate of 1.44 Bcfe per day and finish the month with an average exit rate of 1.39 Bcfe per day . the increase pace in late 2017 set the stage for it expect 31 % production growth for the full - year of 2018 . and as it mention previously , it expect to turn in - line 59 well this year with the D&C capital budget of $ 515 million to $ 580 million that it announce earlier this month . it have plan to spend about 65 % of result capital in the Marcellus . the chart show that despite the grow contribution of the new Utica well , the Marcellus continue to drive the majority of the growth through the end of 2018 . and with that , it will turn it back over to Tyler .  , Tim . Operator , if it can open the line up for Q&A at this time please . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . it do have something from the line of Joe Allman with Baird . please go ahead .  it .  everybody . Nicholas DeIuliis  , Joe Allman . so this one ’ for Nick or Don . Nick , it mention the monetization of the AMT credit refund . at this point , what ’ it estimate of the size of that refund ? Nicholas DeIuliis at this point Joe , it be not ready to put forth a quantitative estimate of that , other than it do expect the monetization window to open up when it get to some time and sort of the early 2019 time period . but it have more color on that at the March Investor Analyst Day as the timing as well as perhaps at least a band or an estimate of magnitude . okay , great . that ’ helpful . and this next one be for Tim . it guess there ’ two question on the Utica . so number one be what be the option for get those well cheap ? it know that these aiken well be a lot cheap than the prior , but how much can it reduce the cost go forward . and then second , when it be do a manage drawdown and the choke management , have it run a bunch of iteration to see the impact on NPV at various production rate ? it have do a lot of modeling through it rate transient analysis to understand the impact of different drawdown rate on the dry Utica and have use the modeling result really to optimize that . and then it be sorry what be the part of it question , Joe ? that $ 15 million well cost , what be the option for get that low , and what may be some estimate of rail or how it can get that ? it still hold the target of $ 12 million to $ 12.5 million for the dry Utica well and so the large it dataset get the more it understand the specific area - by - area . it still think there be some saving that it can capture on the drilling side to be more efficient in drilling and get it drilling cycle time down and it be work through some of those opportunity . and on the completion side , it do a little bit of testing with the Aikens well and it will continue to do some optimization and modeling as it work it way through the next handful Utica well , but completion optimization will also be a part of that . the Aikens be the first pad where it drill two Utica well one after the other . as it move into the end of the year , it will start to see more and more of the pad drilling , and that be really where it will capture the large benefit and get it cost down . got it . and just a follow - up to that one on the choke management , be it go forward , it be go to be tweak that or do it think it be pretty settle on the drawdown that it be work on right now . well it think , as it say it be understand the difference area - by - area . so what it do in say Westmoreland County with the Aikens and Gaut well , maybe different from what it do in Southwest PA slightly as far as the drawdown rate and the rate that it hold to pressure drawdown . so , it will continue to tweak it as the information and datum dictate . but right now , it be pretty comfortable with where it be . okay , very helpful .  it very much guy .  it . and next , it will go to the line of Holly Stewart with Scotia Howard Weil . please go ahead .  , gentleman . maybe just a quick one for Tim on the development plan for 2018 and just think about it versus 2017 , it look like it be move back pretty significantly to Southwest PA , le West Virginia well , less Monroe County well . so can it talk about that process and then how it think that trend will ultimately impact the gathering cost ? maybe that be back half of the year , if it do . well , it continue to let economic drive it decision . when it look back at 2017 , when it come out of a late 2016 and 2017 , and come out of the shutdown . Monroe County be - really provide it with the high rate of return , so it really focus on that early in 2017 and then it have move back more into the Marcellus . but it do have some Monroe County drilling plan for 2018 , but it be limited . so it be move more back into the Marcellus and with the result it have see in Greene Hill and Morris . it continue to follow the economic and rate of return . so it will see about 55 % of the capital deploy this year for a drilling and completion in the Marcellus . and really it just finish it first pad that it since come off the shutdown that it actually drill and complete start to finish that where it be not go back to a pad , where it have top hole drill or it have some level of work already do . so it think that give it a lot of confidence move into the Marcellus . it have do that so much and it have get the cost down there . it give it a lot of confidence in the 2018 plan and it be also an area , where gathering cost be really pretty well set . so it understand what those be go to be . so 2018 have really down to execution , continue to execute on it dry Utica plant to delineate , it be actually move to development by continue in the growth mode with the Marcellus . okay , maybe one for Don . Don can it kind of help it with the quarterly cadence for production for 2018 ? yes . so , it do not quite hear the quarterly cadence of production . yes , so it can kind of see it on the Slide 14 towards not exactly like it unfolded in 2017 , this year be sort of more kind of gradual production growth throughout the year , all be it be offset by some of the year - to - year decline that it be sort of send overcome that , so a lot smooth as far as till the production timing although it be a bit lumpy . Nicholas DeIuliis yes it think with add the third rig in December and then a another rig come on later this year , it will see a more even spread in 2018 of it turn in - line , so it will see a more gradual increase throughout the year , where as in 2017 . it have talk about be very heavily weight towards the end of the year , that ’ where it be , it run an additional frac crew in the fourth quarter , but it think in 2018 , it will be more evenly spread . okay great and then maybe just one final for it . on it it call it it pie chart on Slide 18 of it end market exposure . do it have and Nexus build into that or be that a 2019 event ? it think that ’ show up in the year , Holly . in 2019 , okay .  Tyler .  it . and next it will go to the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers . please go ahead . Jeffrey Campbell  and first it want to congratulate on the lean and mean slide , it seem to reflect the more focused company it have construct very nice . on Slide 12 , it mention that all the Morris Pads be be develop for stacked pay , so just wonder if it could kind of give it a little overview which be zone it have in - line to exploit in what order and over what time horizon ? it talk about stacked pay be primarily Marcellus and Utica , there will be maybe some Upper Devonian mixed in there on occasion , but it be talk Marcellus and Utica and there be a strategy behind that that allow it to take advantage of some blending of dry Utica gas with damp Marcellus gas to keep it gathering and processing cost at a minimal level . so to avoid some processing on the damp Marcellus gas . so the Utica well be strategically schedule in there to be able to blend with the damp Marcellus gas . Jeffrey Campbell okay ,  it . it have have some discussion about the after tax while return on the Aikens well which be quite impressive and it be certainly strong enough to support single zone development and it be just wonder , as it be continue to explore some of these later county , do it have hope to be able to co - mingle on the Marcellus and utica and other area beside Southwest PA and could it just give it a little color on what it be think there ? Nicholas DeIuliis yes it do , it think everywhere it look at dry Utica , it be look at the potential for stacked pay get back to have that infrastructure in place and the impact it have on a rate return , up in Westmoreland and Indiana County on the marcellus well that it have drill in the past , it couple that the stack pay with the advancement it have make in completion and it see the eur on the Marcellus well increase and then the rate of return increase in two part , one because of the enhanced completion and the other because of the stack pay and the infrastructure that ’ already in place when it return . Jeffrey Campbell yes . it think the improve Marcellus be also a point well take . last question for it on the slide that be discuss the Aikens well . so the Aikens 5 M , Slide 13 say that it use high loading and also ceramic proppant . and it look like that well outrank the Aikens 5j base on say it ’ the second - good well . it can correct it if it be wrong on that . so be it read so far that the ceramic proppant be pay for it with production outperformance and be it plan any more ceramic test in 2018 ? Nicholas DeIuliis it think it be believer of the ceramic proppant in the deep Utica . it think it ’ necessary and it think the result show that . the 5j be an unbounded well , so it increase the proppant load there as a test to understand the impact of that . but it be firm believer in ceramic and it will continue to use it go forward . that be say , it talk about optimization , home in on the exact percentage that it need . it may see some adjustment there , but it think it will continue to see ceramic proppant be use . Jeffrey Campbell okay , great .  it . [ Operator Instructions ] . it do have something from the line of James Spicer with Wells Fargo . please go ahead . yes , hi guy . it be hope it can provide a little bit more detail on the plan to get the year - end leverage down to it 2.5 time target , particularly in the context of the share purchase program and then relate question just wonder what it thought be and take advantage of the strength in the market to address it bond , which become callable in the next few month ? Nicholas DeIuliis sure . look at the first part of that question . for it , it have always be the last number of year about NAV per share and really want to be the best - in - class capital allocator . when it look at everything from it incentive plan to it decision make , it be all build off of that by design . and it want it team to be able to think and act as owner . so free cash flow of course , that ’ a critically important metric within that overall context . but like a lot of other thing that drive rate of return and NAV per share in the end , it ’ only a tool to drive optimize the valuation of the company . and it want to use that to along with it balance sheet in 2018 to do just that . so if it start with sort of just the 2018 plan and what it disclose today , it can see , it think , it can get a feel for what the allocation option be go to be . and it will take , in particular , the capital expenditure budget that it have release and the EBITDA guidance that it issue today . so it look at the M&A activity with Midstream , with the GP in any type of drop or thing like that in the future , just put those all off to the side to keep it simple . and if it look at organic free cash flow from 2018 from a D&C perspective , it do not think that ’ the right way it be look at , it know a lot in the industry want to look at just D&C capital and organic free cash flow . it be significantly positive in that metric . when it include all CapEx and so now , it go to the 275 million to 300 million of land , midstream and water . in addition to the D&C , it come in slightly negative for the year on a 100 million to 150 million depend on which end of the band it assume . and then if it assume some modest , it want to emphasize , modest level of asset sale . it be likely to secure in 2018 , because again , it ’ just part and parcel of what it do , on a total free cash flow basis , it should be , call it neutral . so to take that free cash build and then it ship over to the balance sheet capacity , that be where it think it capital allocation philosophy come into play . it say today , everyone have 2.5 time leverage ratio and it couple that with it programmatic hedge book , it think 2.5 leverage ratio with it hedge book , really create an ironclad balance sheet and 2.5 time should not be a heavy lift when it look at it guidance . it think Don go into this in some detail . but if it look at the last quarter annualize , it be already there . when it look at Q1 and there be ramp in production in the EBITDA that it correspond to the guidance , it be go to be replace strong EBITDA quarter to have the strong EBITDA quarter replace the weak one . and of course , if it look at it on a go forward 2018 basis , it be well under that as Don say . so hedge book couple with that view of execution and it ability to execute , really give it confidence in it leverage ratio , and it ’ that spread between 2.5 time target , and where it be actually at this be go to be available throughout the year . and that be what it want to take advantage of by potentially retire share at very high irr compare to it NAV per share view . so it think the expectation should be in 2018 . it continue to march on with it $ 450 million repurchasing program . and it look at this , it monitor , manage it regularly daily if the capital allocation decision that be what it be all about . so it be something that that it have get the wherewithal and flexibility to apply , and it plan on do that through 2018 . yes . just add to that for a minute on the debt side of the fence , the first part of it equation . it mean it be well of aware the debt market and how attractive sort of some of the opportunity out there that exist today . the good thing as it say here it have the ability to have a bunch of different correction with that . it have currency to retire bond as it see it . it have the ability to take advantage of these certain thing , but it mean it majority be further out in the future . so there be no need for anything today , but eye wide open on the opportunity that be out there . and like anything it do will explore the good way to get it do . 