it complete it first four quarter as an independent company and be strongly encourage by result even with the challenging commodity market . as it enter into the downturn , it lay out it 2015 priority for the business and it focus quickly turn to the balance sheet . it have to live within it mean and bring it capital investment in line with project cash flow . it second priority be seek an amendment from it bank to provide it time to work through this period of low price . lastly , it have to right - size it cost for the current operating environment . so how do it do ? follow the spin - off it respond to this rapid price decline by swiftly reduce the capital for the remainder of 2014 and cut it 2015 capital investment program to $ 440 million . a reduction of about 80 % compare to 2014 . it get it drilling rig count from 27 in November down to three rig that it be currently operate . it invest $ 133 million for the quarter , which be below it guidance . it work with it vendor group to deliver on it credit amendment that provide flexibility through the end of 2016 to implement it deleveraging plan . lastly , it also deliver record crude oil in total production as well as cost reduction for the quarter . and it be on detailed discussion with various party regard the full suite of deleveraging option available in it broad portfolio . so again not the market it would have choose for it first full quarter , but give the hand it be deal , it could not have be part of crc ’s execution . what different crc from it peer be that it manage it technically and operationally diverse world - class resource base with substantial operational and financial flexibility . in addition , it management and operating team have extensive experience in all phase of the commodity cycle . it have be test it first two month as a public company by the rapidly decline oil price . it be confident that it diverse resource space and it dedicated and highly motivated workforce will allow it to meet the challenge bring about by this price environment . many have hear it stress protect it base production and focus on cash margin , which it have amplify to it workforce . these be important , because by protect it base it will be in a strong position to ramp up it activity level by increase it already deep inventory and maintain it margin . it achieve record quarterly crude oil and total production from it 2014 and 2015 capital program , with it emphasis on low decline project . it expect the emphasis on it base production to become more evident as the year progress . it focus on cash margin also continue to show progress . it be control operating cost and achieve capital efficiency while maintain it attention to safety and proactive community outreach effort . while it deliver on all aspect of it operation that it control , it deal with significant commodity price relate headwind during that quarter that impact it financial result . Mark Smith , it cfo will discuss it financial result in detail shortly . as it have state before , it be committed to live within it cash flow . it asset base provide it the operating flexibility to adjust it capital program rapidly during the course of the year base on market condition as well as the ability to shift it capital between basin and drive mechanism to optimize return throughout the commodity cycle . as it will discuss later , it be also make progress in it effort to delever it balance sheet . it 2015 capital program be entirely focused on high margin , high return and low decline crude oil project . begin in 2014 and continue to 2015 , it be shift it emphasis to Steam and Waterflood project that offer it low decline and risk profile , while provide attractive return over it economic life . the investment it make in 2014 in Steam and Waterflood project be deliver a positive impact on 2015 production . a result of this shift it believe that in 2015 it overall base production decline will be low than historical rate and it also expect Elk Hills decline to continue to moderate as it Elk Hills production profile continue it shift from primary to secondary drive mechanism . it have implement it value creation index or VCI metric across all level of the organization and have receive complete buy in and appreciation of the transparency on how the Company be allocate capital . it simple formula of the PV-10 of the pre - tax cash flow over the present value of the investment over the project life allow everyone to know and understand the criterion for investment . it first quarter production be ahead of it expectation and the guidance it provide . this be primarily the result of a low decline in it base production and the production share effect in it Wilmington field operation . the main contributor to it production success include it ongoing shift towards low decline project that can create sustain long - term value as well as it focus on optimize base production . it personnel across all it operation have contribute to efficiency improvement that be sustain it base in lower both operating and capital cost . it expect to increase it 2015 average daily crude oil production above it 2014 level , while keep average production on a BOE basis essentially flat compare to 2014 . look ahead to the second quarter , it expect it oil production to be consistent with it record first quarter level , while it production on a BOE basis be expect to decline modestly to a range of between 158,000 to 163,000 boe per day . as it have mention before it base capital requirement have come down as a result of shift in it capital allocation . it believe this will enable it to keep it total production for the remainder of 2014 -- 2015 nearly flat with a slight gradual decline as the year progress . if the current price environment persist into 2016 , it would expect to continue to stay within it cash flow as it have indicate before . it objective would be to maintain it oil production essentially flat , while it total production experience modest decline . it have a significant amount of project inventory and flexibility in how it accomplish it goal to it capital allocation process base on the VCI metric . during the first quarter it also see the positive impact of it quick indecisive step to curtail cash outflow result from it cost - containment effort . production cost in the quarter be $ 16.20 per barrel which be comparable to the $ 16.07 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2014 and notably low than the prior year ’s first quarter cost of $ 18.43 per barrel . it production cost per unit have generally be decline for the past year . it start see the benefit of it effort at all level of it organization to implement more efficient message to streamline it process and to work with it supplier . the decline in it operating cost result in part from low natural gas price which significantly lower the cost of steam generation for it steamflood as well as the cost of electricity for it field operation . electricity price also tend to be low in California in the fourth and first quarter due to seasonal factor . while it expect modest pressure on it operating cost in the second quarter from high electricity price as it enter the high season , it expect to offset some of this price pressure by further improvement in the controllable component of it operating cost structure . in addition to the low price environment that persist throughout the first quarter , it experience several discrete event in California include the effect of the nationwide refinery strike and a fire at a local refinery . it be able to market it effective production during the quarter . these event contribute the widening of differential in California , further pressure it realize price . the strike have recently end . while it believe the event -- the effect of these event will take a few more month to work through the system , it believe it realization should continue -- begin to improve gradually during the year . it will continue to be strategic and opportunistic with it hedge program in support of it capital investment plan . it have be review it hedging option late 2015 and into 2016 base on it expectation of the price environment . so far it have place hedge on almost all of it oil production for the first half of 2015 , about two third of the oil production in the third quarter and about one third of the oil production in the fourth quarter of this year . the hedge have be focus mainly on protect it capital program against further price deterioration . over time it envision establish a 12 to 18 month hedge program in a normalized pricing environment . it would like to point out also that it oil and natural gas price give it a natural hedge as a significant portion of it operating cost be tie to the price of natural gas which be use for steamflood as well as power . as a californian company , CRC and it workforce be committed to do it part to alleviate the effect of the state drought . through it long - stand investment in water conservation , it already recycle approximately 79 % of it produce water in it improved and enhance oil recovery operation . in 2014 , it operation also provide more than 2 billion gallon of water to local water district and farm . as a result , it be net water supplier to agriculture , provide more water for irrigation , than the amount of fresh water it purchase for it state wide operation . it and other operator be work to further reduce it freshwater use and be commit to expand it role in net water supplier . it do not currently expect the state to announce water restriction to impact it level of oil and gas production . it end the first quarter with a debt balance of $ 6.6 billion , as a result of disposition make to it former parent at the spin - off . it expect to exit 2015 exclude the result of potential deleveraging initiative with a debt level comparable to the end of the first quarter . in February , it negotiate an amendment to it credit agreement through the end of 2016 . the amendment modify certain covenant to take into account the weakness in the price environment . while it believe the modify term of it credit agreement will enable it to work through the current commodity price cycle , it have be explore various alternative to delever it balance sheet and to better align it capital structure for a more modest normalized commodity price environment . the deleveraging option it be explore with flexibility of it resource space may include a combination of asset monetization , joint venture , and other opportunity . give the long time horizon and growth potential of it asset base , it be conduct a thoughtful assessment of the various midstream and upstream alternative to enhance shareholder value not only in the near - term , but for the long - term . it be progress with these deleveraging effort and be actively engage with various party focus on potential structure , transaction cost , and implication for it portfolio . it expect to make significant progress on these activity and hope to enter into one or more transaction by the end of this year . in addition , should price improve significantly in the latter half of the year , it would apply the majority of the incremental cash flow towards debt reduction . it will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss the detail of it first quarter result . Marshall D. Smith  , Todd . it first quarter result largely reflect two factor . first , it record level of production . second , continue low energy price . it cost control measure help soften the impact of the low commodity price and these measure include it reduce capital investment as well as it action to reduce it production cost . it operation team have be excellent in protect it base production , while make the adjustment necessary to live within it project cash flow . let it summarize and comment on it result . notably it level of production beat it expectation and guidance for the first quarter . it average oil production hit a record of 108,000 barrel per day . that be 14 % high than last year 's first quarter and 3 % high sequentially than the fourth quarter of 2014 . it operation in San Joaquin basin deliver a year - over - year increase in oil production of 5,000 barrel per day , reflect it focus on steamflood . production for other asset increase by 8,000 barrel per day which include the effect of low price on it Wilmington field production sharing contract . NGL production decline slightly from year - ago level and natural gas production remain unchanged after slight increase in 2014 when it capital investment program be much large . total oil and natural gas production average record 166,000 barrel of oil equivalent per day . this record production represent an increase of 12,000 boe per day or 8 % compare with the first quarter of 2014 . sequentially total production in the first quarter of 2015 increase by 1,000 boe per day compare to the fourth quarter of 2014 . more than offset the positive effect of increase production be the continue decline in price for all of it product . Most of those decline follow the weakness in Brent which be down 49 % year - over - year and 28 % sequentially . in addition , it realize price be drive below historical differential to brent and part by the refinery as Todd mention . as a result , it realize crude oil price average $ 46.44 per barrel in the first quarter . this compare with realize crude price of $ 102.32 in last year 's first quarter , a decline of 55 % . in the fourth quarter , it realize $ 68.54 result in a decline of 32 % sequentially . largely as a result of the refining event , NGL realize price decrease even more than crude price in the first quarter follow the $ 21.55 per barrel down from $ 60.39 per barrel in last year 's first quarter , a 64 % drop and from $ 34.41 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2014 , a sequential decline of 37 % . realize natural gas price also decrease $ 1.94 per Mcf of 41 % below last year 's first quarter price , a $ 4.78 per Mcf and $ 0.29 -- 29 % below the $ 4 per Mcf price it realize in the fourth quarter of last year . reflect the positive effect of it cost containment program , it production cost for the first quarter of 2015 be $ 242 million or $ 16.20 per BOE . this reflect a 12 % decline from $ 18.43 per BOE during the prior year period . first quarter 2015 production cost be low than fourth quarter 2014 cost of $ 243 million and relatively flat on a per unit basis . low first quarter cost reflect improve well servicing efficiency and low cost for gas use to generate steam and power , consistent with Todd ’s comment the gas access and natural hedge for it . taxis other than on income be $ 55 million in the first quarter of 2015 compare with $ 52 million in last year ’s first quarter and $ 54 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 . these consist largely of property taxis which regularly reassess the midyear and the cost of greenhouse gas allowance and production taxis . reflect it significantly reduce drilling activity , exploration expense be $ 17 million in the first quarter of 2015 compare with $ 31 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $ 68 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 . interest expense during the first quarter be $ 79 million due to the debt it incur in connection with the spin - off in the fourth quarter of 2014 . additionally , it overall effective tax rate in the first quarter be 41 % . as a result of these factor , it end the first quarter of 2015 with an adjust net loss of $ 97 million or $ 0.25 per diluted share . this compare with adjusted net income of $ 223 million or $ 0.57 per diluted share for last year 's first quarter and adjust net loss of $ 7 million or $ 0.02 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2014 . it net loss be $ 100 million or $ 0.26 per diluted share . this compare with net income for last year 's first quarter of $ 223 million or $ 0.57 per diluted share . for the fourth quarter of 2014 , it have a net loss of $ 2.1 billion or $ 5.47 per diluted share . it will recall that fourth quarter include a $ 2 billion after tax non - cash property impairment charge to the carry value of certain of it property due to low commodity price . current quarter adjust EBITDAX be $ 198 million . this be down from $ 705 million in last year 's first quarter and $ 454 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 . as it describe in it last earning call , it respond aggressively and deliberately to follow commodity price with decisive measure to adjust it capital investment largely by reduce it rig count . it capital investment for the current quarter be $ 133 million compare with $ 475 million in last year 's first quarter and $ 520 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 . say differently , it be run 27 drilling rig in the November of 2014 . it be down to six rig at year - end . in the first quarter it be run only three rig . it want to point out that it reduce capital investment of $ 133 million be relatively in line with it operate cash flow for the first quarter . this exclude approximately $ 200 million of cash outlay from capital investment project that it complete in the fourth quarter as well as it year - end exit rate of spending which it discuss in it last earning call . it expect a modest amount of this effect to continue into the second quarter . in the last conference call , it speak to the fact that it be well advanced in it discussion with it bank relative to the credit amendment . shortly thereafter it execute the final agreement . it would like to note that it be very proud of the strong support crc receive from it bank group and how it be able to work together to craft an effective credit amendment . this agreement be a testament to CRC ’s large and diverse resource base as well as it prompt response to the price environment . it be approach it deleveraging effort in a consistent fashion with thoughtful consideration of how to delever the balance sheet , while still maximize the net asset value of it overall portfolio . in closing , for the quarter it witness first hand crc ’s commitment to live within it cash flow and deliver result . it continue to be impress by the disciplined approach take by the entire team in order to defend it margin and focus on value create activity . it continue to gain great appreciation of the flexibility and resiliency of it resource base . it first quarter result demonstrate this resiliency and it focus on cost . please note that it provide key second quarter 2015 guidance information in the attachment to it earning release . it will be happy to take any question it may have on that information and on other aspect of it result during the Q&A portion of the call . it will now turn it back over to Todd . Todd ? Todd a. Stevens  it , Mark . in closing , it have a successful first quarter 2015 , by achieve new record for oil and overall production , continue to reduce operating cost and improve it capital efficiency in meet it commitment to operate safely and responsibly . the price environment present it with many challenge , however . it be position to deliver it balance sheet and grow as price normalize . while it have defer many high return project opportunity to help price rise , it be also identify additional investment that should create value throughout the commodity cycle as it continue to refine it life of field plan for it asset . it have the operating flexibility to adjust it program rapidly base on market condition and have the ability to shift basin and drive mechanism to optimize return while maintain a predictable production profile . it have a large inventory of conventional asset that have relatively low decline rate and long production life and many of these conventional development project be expect to be repeatable with low technical risk . it be use this environment to improve it cost structure , implement efficiency across all function of the business , and improve the project economic of it portfolio of investment opportunity , so that it can rapidly take advantage of a more favorable commodity price environment in the future . it continue to be very excited about CRC 's opportunity and be diligently work to make the improvement need , include deleverage to increase shareholder value . this conclude it remark and it now welcome it question . question - and - answer session  it , sir . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question it have come from Doug Leggate , Bank of America . please go ahead .  . good afternoon , everybody . Mark it wonder , it do not know if it misheard it on it debt trajectory or guidance . so if it can call it back through the end of the year , it wonder if it could just ask it to repeat that , but also embed in there the deleveraging option , would it care to rank what -- how it would see the priority of the list of the menu if it like of the different option that it have and specifically address whether it would be prepare to allow the operating cost to bump a little high in order to monetize some midstream ? and it have get a follow - up please . Todd a. Stevens Hey Doug , this be Todd . it think in it comment it will see that it talk about it quarter end debt balance be around $ 6.6 billion and it expect that essentially to be the same as it would be unless it have some other kind of deleveraging event occur at year - end . so effectively flat with this , now that it have have all the effect of it former parent work it way through the balance sheet . with regard to the deleveraging option , it think effectively if it think about the two bucket , midstream and upstream , midstream be effectively take and put some kind of fee or other structure on it income statement for the opportunity to delever the balance sheet side . so yes , there be that opportunity on that side . the other deleveraging option it look at on the upstream side be all kind of asset monetization , but it be not particular married to any particular one . it be try to find what be good for crc and what have the optimal outcome from both a deleveraging standpoint and operational standpoint and tax consequence and other issue . so what it would say now be it have identify most of those opportunity and now it be work through all the detail in refine it to understand all the implication , particularly , on it operation go forward . and what be it follow - up , Doug ? Sorry Todd , just to be clear on that flat debt . what oil price assumption be it make ? do that assume any improvement ? because it talk about 75 % of incremental free cash flow go to the balance sheet , so be it assume that there be no recovery in the oil price in second - half , or what be it assumption there when it make that statement about the debt ? Todd a. Stevens yes , that ’ the price low than it be today and it be a price close to $ 60 Brent as oppose to what it say today . and it be right if it have a sustain to high oil price , it think differentially it would spend probably 75%-25 % , 75 % towards debt pay down and 25 % invest in the business , if it be able to see that this high price environment it be in today be sustainable . okay .  . it follow - up be really more about the capital efficiency of the portfolio . so it drill 65 well for $ 133 million . the majority of those be steamflood . Can it give it some idea -- obviously there be a lag on the way these thing behave , but what would it expect to be the aggregate peak of plateau production contribution from the average well in it -- that ’ in it program right now and when would it anticipate to see that contribution kick in now ? it will leave it there .  . Todd a. Stevens aggregate , it mean , it do have some waterflood well in there too and steamflood well . it think it could safety say if it aggregated it all , probably about 150 barrel a day equivalent , but it be really talk about oil here . Todd a. Stevens yes , it think that ’ a good average . across the 55 well ? Todd a. Stevens all right . got it . okay .  very much . Todd a. Stevens pretty much flat , so yes . yes , that ’ right . yes ,  very much . next it have Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research . good afternoon , everyone . just step back to a high level and then it have a specific one that follow up from that . but it guess be it look at a strategy here that ’ change towards a maintenance capital strategy with the maximization of free cash flow as a priority which it have then explain would be a delevere strategy ? and can it just run again through what it think it maintenance capital level be , because there have be a tremendous amount of debate on one of the $ 450 million a year be really a number that can hold it flat on an ongoing basis if that be necessary ? if it be to stay in a relatively low price environment , which it guess seem to be around the 60 mark basis from what it be say , where would it maintenance capital be next year to stay flat be it guess what it be drive at , right ? Todd a. Stevens yes , Paul ,  . it think the issue really be it be delta balance sheet it have in an entirely different product price environment , and it get the credit amendment to buy it the time to square away it balance sheet and that ’ what it be undertake at this point in time and put it balance sheet and order . and as it tell people , if it think about mid cycle economic it would like to have a debt to EBITDA of around two time . so clearly it be not in that environment today , but it do not think this be a mid - cycle type price . so it be try to work it deleveraging option to get that square away and it be right , that be the contrary what it say . but it also do say it do look at it mean and it cash flow and that ’ what it be do effectively like this . it even have some debt pay down build into it current capital structure . so , the maintenance capital question on that question it think it ’ not the $ 440 million or $ 450 million that it quote , that it talk about . it think that ’ go to hold -- for this year clearly it go to hold it oil modestly flat to up . if it continue in a very , this low price environment for next year and a modest increase it think it would be -- oil would be essentially flat and boe would decline like it talk about . but it think it -- if it want to talk about maintenance capital from a BOE perspective , it have not really put that out there because it do not really look at the gas investment in the same way use it VCI , so it really oil focus and that ’ why it see it really focus on maintain it oil production as it top priority . yes , it understand that . so , basically what it be say be that it be see with the modest increase from the $ 450 million it can maintain the oil volume flat next year if necessary with the stress do it essentially of delevere down to the target that it outline it two time . Todd a. Stevens yes , it do not think it will get there over night clearly in the two time . it do not think there be one single magic ball that it be look at a lot of different option that it think will help it get there . understand . and then the price at which it would turn more optimistic if it want in term of perhaps just reap it in growth , can it give it a sense for where that price would be ? Todd a. Stevens well just sit in today 's current environment if it could see a sustainable $ 70 price , it think it may start about think about more activity and some debt pay down . but really from it standpoint it have to be sustainable as Mark like to say it have to -- it have to be able to touch it and feel it and hug it and feel good about it . so , until it get to that environment it do not think it be go to make any dramatic change . it think it would have to return back to , from a growth perspective it think it have that potential to grow off of it low decline base . but it think it want to think about get past the debt environment first before it really think about in deleverage before it think about grow the business . understand . it look forward to the day that it cover oil and it can touch , feel and hug the oil price that would be happy day for it too . so the specific question be that the CapEx it announce for the quarter it think be $ 133 million , but the press release have cash use in invest activity , it ’ a minus $ 313 million , it hope that make sense to it . Can it explain that difference for it ? Marshall D. Smith carry over from last year , Doug -- it be sorry , Paul . okay . be it kind of a headline CapEx at $ 133 million , but the press release have cash use in invest activity at $ 313 million that ’ really more than double that ? Todd a. Stevens hey Paul , it ’ todd . it think that what Mark be try to tell it be that , effectively when it be spin off in addition to the $ 6 billion in debt , and it have it -- at the spin off day it take it receivables and leave it with a payable . so , it have some work capital work it way through the first quarter and so that ’ effectively the difference . that ’ what it see now ; all the effect of the payment to it prior parent have now work it way effectively through the system now at the end of this quarter . right . it answer the question correct .  it . Evan Calio , Morgan Stanley . hi , good evening guy , long day . let it follow - up on the deleveraging effort . any potential target for deleverage from these transaction , it mean can it dimension range of amount just up to $ 1 billion or any range and be it target timeline to close by year end ? Marshall D. Smith yes , hi Evan . yes , it think the -- if it think about it look at out debt it have about $ 5 billion of bond . it have a $ 1 billion term loan that ’ pre - payable , and it have it $ 600 million of work capital that ’ on it facility . so , if it think about what be the easy thing to pay down , clearly the facility and the term loan . and then it could -- the bond , the first maturity that ’ come up be 2019 . so , clearly it could buy some time there or try to be opportunistic , but there be no -- it bond be no long trade in the high 70 , low 80 , it be trade in the mid 90 . so , it do not think that ’ an easy -- it could buy back and it get the effect of that at this point in time . but it think it short - term if it want to think about it it medium term target here be really to attack that $ 1.6 billion that it can , and it would hope to have one or two of these thing close by year end but for sure sign up and maybe it be work through all the legal paperwork at this point in time . it be achieve one or two transaction up to $ 1.6 million not the deleverage the cash flow , be that -- do it understand that correctly ? Marshall D. Smith yes , it mean it could , it definitely would happen to the product price . so it mean if something happen on the geopolitical level in the Middle East that dramatically drive up oil price , clearly it would differentially expend the excess cash flow towards debt pay down in addition . so that would be in that $ 1.6 billion number . but at this point in time it may be , $ 1 million , it may be $ 2 million , it may be $ 3 million because it be still work through and get all the detail and all these deleveraging option . okay . so the consideration it sound like it ’ beyond just midstream asset into upstream asset if that ’ the case , be that potentially that accurate ? Marshall D. Smith yes , it mean it be pursue all option and everything on the table . so , it think that if it see something from the standpoint of something that make sense , clearly it do not want to monetize upstream asset in the bottom of the cycle . but there be some creative structure where it can in effect get the kind of valuation it would like to get and do some kind of joint venture or monetization that way . but it be look at lot of different way and a lot of creative way go forward . great . and maybe a different question on the CapEx . it know that Paul handle the maintenance question . but it know it have lower CapEx in the current environment , but do it have a different or low CapEx yield or what it would cost to grow the company , the 6 % to 9 % which be it prior target . it know now it have some debt pay down , 75 % debt pay down on some of that cash suite . it mean , be that still a $ 2 billion kind of number or be that also low in this as it have kind of go through and remove cost ? Marshall D. Smith it think it ’ definitely low , but it ’ not a way it be really look at thing at this point in time give it be stare at the screen , it be stare at today . but yes , it think it ’ definitely substantially low than the number it quote , but it not -- it not where it be at today clearly . yes , it be just more of a -- like a historic number ? Marshall D. Smith no , it ’ not anywhere close to that . that include a lot of thing , include some infrastructure spending and some capital that it would not have spend and be under the way it be allocate it capital . and then just last one for it , to square the circle . so in term of spend the $ 600 million for maintenance CapEx , and maybe it miss the number of the oil capex right , so whatever it be say be kind of maintenance oil CapEx , right ? to offset a decline , what be the base decline that it be offset with that amount ? Marshall D. Smith yes , if it think about it when it look at it reserve at yearend , with no downtime what so ever it base decline be about 10 % . but if it factor in historical downtime it ’ around 15 % . it would say that it have have an exceptional first quarter with regard to downtime that it have ever see here in California . so clearly it be closer probably to the 10 % than it be to the 15 % , but luck will turn against it at some point in time as thing , esp and rod pump and everything else fail . but it have be do an exceptional job on it base production , and hopefully that give it the guide post that it need . great . it appreciate that .  it Marshall D. Smith next it have James Spicer , Wells Fargo . yes , hi everybody . a couple of it question have be address . it just have one follow - up and that ’ , on it fourth quarter call it talk about a $ 300 million contraction in work capital due to the drop in the rig , and it look like it have positive cash flow from operation about $ 115 million this quarter . just wonder whether that $ 300 million be flow through and the context be really , it think that last quarter if it remember correctly it say that it have $ 316 million draw on it revolver and it expect it to end 2015 at that same level . so , it be just try to sort of triangulate this to what the cash flow trajectory be here for the remainder of the year ? Marshall D. Smith yes , it think if it look at it it ’ in investment portion also , so it ’ not all in the operation section . it ’ just a classification , and there may be a little bit more to work it way through the fund flow statement as it get some weight , payable and receivables . okay . but if it be go to end the year still with that $ 360 million of revolver draw that would imply that it be go to be free cash flow positive for the remain three quarter of the year ? Marshall D. Smith it believe that ’ right . okay . that answer it question .  it . next it have David Meats of Morningstar .  guy . it just want to kind of revisit the maintenance issue a little bit , reframe that question . it be just wonder how long can it maintain the strategy of just focus on the steam flood and the water flood to hold it oil production flat . it mean it mention probably 2016 , but be that something that can carry on indefinitely ? Todd a. Stevens it do not know , it can not carry it on indefinitely , but it think for the foreseeable future it clearly have enormous amount of inventory to execute on that front as it say through ’ 16 . it think as it get into ’ 17 it think it inch up from there , but it -- but it still have an off a lot steam flood and water flood . it think it may a cycle too where it need a little bit more facility if it get capital to get into 2017 also because that ebb and flow with the pattern as it implement it pattern development in the steam flood and water flood . okay . and it guy talk about JVs already . be there anything that it would consider an outright sale of on the E&P side ? Todd a. Stevens it think it would contemplate that , but it ’ all a matter of valuation . if it want to give after valuation base note on the current strip , but a different strip and different economic measure and the traditional one use by E&P player where it ’ very strategic in nature . it ’ something it contemplate again , like it say nothing be up the table . but there ’ not a lot of people that value thing from a strategic level , capture the resource that way as oppose to use some kind of net present value measure of the current product price strip . okay , fair enough . it think the rest of it question have already be deal with . so , it be go to hop out here and let someone else in .  it . Sean Sneeden of Oppenheimer . hi .  it for take the question . maybe Todd for it , as a follow - up on the PDP decline . it be wonder if it could kind of help it understand maybe the decline for oil and gas separately , it mean presumably , one , be go to be a little bit sharp than the other , but how should it be think about that go forward ? Todd a. Stevens yes , so it think it ’ probably easy to think about it on a drive mechanism basis . so , if it think about it and it can talk a little bit about oil too , but steam flood be 100 % oil . usually it kind of mid single digit type decline when it ’ get past it plateau . water flood -- a water flood be typically 5 % to 10 % decline if it have one that ’ -- but if it be in a place like Wilmington it could be high than that , but that ’ really mature . so if it think about it as most of it water flood be go to be in the 5 % to 10 % decline . other opportunity if it think about be unconventional , think about it in two different bucket . it shale which it do not invest -- be not invest in this year usually have first year decline of 25 % , 30 % , and it think those be roll off and flatten out as it get into this second and third year pass that . if it want to draw up share , it get natural gas decline in the Sacramento base where it have not drill any well there recently , but those have typically high decline on new production there that may be more 25 % type decline . but that ’ just dry gas and that ’ a very small part of what it get at this point in time , it contingent resource , gas price ever get up into -- with a four handle . hopefully that ’ helpful , it mean it -- most of it oil be probably mid to slightly high single digit . okay . that ’ helpful , and it may follow - up with it guy offline on that . it guess , the second question be just kind of more conceptual around a potential kind of upstream deal . it guess , just kind of curious how it think about it , but it sound like the real preference be to delever , and just kind of consider where leverage be go this year . it be kind of curious how it think about get a upstream deal do that would be deleverage versus more of a traditional kind of midstream deal which probably fit into that deleveraging ballpark ? Todd a. Stevens yes , it be right . it mean the market for it yield vehicle offer midstream asset have not -- there be plenty of liquidity there . it think in the upstream side it ’ a little different . but it would also tell it California be a little different . it mean , it have a unique set of asset out here particularly it exploration acreage , and for year under it prior parent , it do not solicit or really ever take partner , and there ’ be a lot of people hover around and if it understand the California oil and gas landscape it would know it may be able to get a little lead from a farmer here and there , but pretty soon it be go to bump up against crc , and if it want to have any significant exposure to oil and gas resource here it have to partner with it . so , it think the people that have be hover around for year or interested in the state and interested in wildcat be now still interested and obviously realize this may be it one opportunity in this environment to get into to the opportunity set it have . and it would take it at some kind of cash and carry type deal , but it just never know how that would turn into it . but it have more than enough party that be interested on the exploration and exploitation side of it asset base . okay . now that helpful .  it very much . next it have Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James . please go ahead . Pavel molchanov hi , guy , it Pavel . a question on realize pricing , in the past there have be time when it realize pricing be above WTI . it think in the quarter it be average about $ 2 below WTI . as it production and presumably other producer in California kind of go low , do it think that premium be likely to emerge again ? Todd a. Stevens it have to think about it production as be tie to Brent as oppose to WTI . it be in effectively a closed market for crude oil production and marketing and distribution . so , it have -- be square of over 80 % to Brent . so , it guide down because when it have this close system it have the discreet event that torrent and then nation wide refinery strike that bring down the differential in the quarter , but when the refinery strike come back it can see it start to get well in the state . but again it think it benchmark be well to tie into Brent than it be to WTI . Pavel molchanov okay . maybe it will ask it a little differently . the spread versus Brent go from single basis last year to 15 % this past quarter . do it see that narrow back down as in - state volume decline over time ? Todd a. Stevens yes , it think so . it think because that ’ what it be compete against , but also if it have an institution of and it get rid of the export ban that clearly will bring it more into parity over time , and so effectively it be go to have and be very close to each other and just that the WTI will represent maybe a pricing transportation from the Gulf Coast to Cushing . Pavel molchanov okay . and then , one more question on it hedge book . give the extent of Contango in both Brent and WTI at the moment , be it layer any hedge for 2016 right now ? Todd a. Stevens as it can see it do not -- it have not layer in any yet . it continue to look at the market and be opportunistic . it be towards the bottom of the cycle here , and so it ’ not the perfect time to implement a hedge strategy , but it get to remember too how option be price . time and volatility be the most important thing . so , the further it go out in time the more it be go to pay for it . but it be just try to be opportunistic and look for a technical dislocation on day where it feel like it can lock in some hedge that make sense for it and hope for the price environment continue where it at and inch a little bit further high . Pavel molchanov all right . it appreciate it .  , guy . Next Brad Lundy , Ivory Capital . hi ,  for take the question . it just want to clarify , be it reference it oil production guidance as effectively flat q2 versus Q1 ? Todd a. Stevens yes , that ’ what it say . okay , perfect . so , if it step back and look at it , it be actually grow oil production from Q4 exit right , Q1 , Q2 through the year on $ 440 million of total CapEx . when that ’ just kind of a maintenance CapEx profile the business be actually below $ 440 million on an oil only basis . Todd a. Stevens no , it think it have some , a little bit of headwind come into the year from some facility spending and it be front end load the $ 133 million it spend in the first quarter that ’ more facility . so , it think that it be go to see that , that ’ still a little bit low from oil maintenance CapEx . got it . and how should it think about the cadence of that oil production profile as it get through into the back half of the year ? Todd a. Stevens yes , it think it could probably extrapolate it and look at what it have say about , though year - over - year it should average very close to if not essentially the same as last year 159 boe and it think if it extrapolate that linearly , it would not be dramatically off . perfect .  it . Gregg Brody , Bank of America Merrill Lynch . hey , guy just a couple of question for it . it mention the two time leverage target base on , sort of a normalized oil price . be it go to share with that , what it think that normalize oil price be ? Todd a. Stevens it think though , what it will say be that it be try to gear up it organization from a G&A standpoint go forward to be right sized at $ 75 brent . and the one other question be , it mention it policy for hedging . it think it mention that 12 to 24 month policy . Could it just repeat what the policy be and sort of how hard and fast be that now ? Todd a. Stevens yes , 12 to 18 it think it be clearly look to implement that and as it get back to what it consider more mid cycle price it will continue to layer in hedge and underpin it capital program and it cash flow . and be there a percentage it be target for 12 to 18 month ? Todd a. Stevens it think if it get in a normalized environment it would want to hedge at least 50 % . got it . that ’ very helpful .  it guy . Next Gary Stromberg , Barclays . hi .  for take it call . it just want to dig in a little bit on cost trend in first quarter of ’ 15 and then the rest of the year . it guess , it be surprised to see unit operating cost go up from $ 16.07 to $ 16.20 , and then guidance it think be up another 5 % in the second quarter . so , it just want to get a sense for trend on the operate cost line in the first and second quarter and the rest of the year , and the same thing with G&A. it look like G&A be project to be up second quarter versus first quarter . Todd a. Stevens no , it think if it look at on an absolute basis the operating cost be down , and it just -- if it think about , the number of day be short in the first quarter , so on a $ 16.07 to $ 16.20 it effectively almost flat . it think when it think about California the peak energy season , the peak rate start accrue really in the second and third quarter , so it will see that creep up . it be hope to claw back that as much as possible from an efficiency , but again it be guide to what it think as it know today . but yes , the first and fourth quarter be typically the low price energy cost go forward . and it think if it look at the G&A it get to remember bonus be pay in the first quarter . okay . so the trend beyond the second quarter and operating cost , it second quarter guidance be $ 16.70 to $ 17.20 . in a deflationary oil field service environment , would that move down from that level or be that a pretty good level go forward ? Todd a. Stevens it think it be pretty good . that ’ what it give as guidance . it mean , obviously it strive to be under it . okay . that be all it have .  it . next it have a follow - up from Doug Leggate , Bank of America . sorry guy . it try to stick to the two question rule , so go back in queue . just two quick follow - up , if it may . it ’ really the comment it make about a couple of transaction , turn of the year type of commentary . it say if not closed , then definitely sign . it sound like it already have some line of sight . so it be just wonder if it can kind of characterize what inning be it in , in term of this negotiation . be it just get start out of the gate , or do it already have line of sight as to where it be go to see some of the deleveraging ? and it do have a follow - up please . Todd a. Stevens it think it have cast it net as wide as possible . it be now look through it suite of option and kind of go through the detail and try to refine thing from tax perspective , operational consideration , and ultimately proceed . so it think at this point of time it be work through the detail to understand all the different opportunity it be look at . it think it be early on , but it be not far away from once it have that refined or it could start look to execute with more and more party . some of these be more complex than other and require more tax attorney and regular attorney and other . but that ’ why it think that it will have something sign up at least or it ’ not close by year - end . to be clear , be it in height of discussion today ? Todd a. Stevens it be discuss a variety of different opportunity with different folk . it do not think it could call it active negotiation , but it be clearly discuss a lot of different opportunity as it cast a wide net to everyone and look at that at this point in time . okay . it follow - up be on -- almost a reverse hedge question . gas be obviously very depressed , it ’ a big part of it cost basis . any consideration of hedge to lock in low gas price as oppose to high oil price , so to speak ? Todd a. Stevens yes Doug , it think it have be look at the California basis . California it have a very mild winter . 90 % of natural gas be import typically at trade at $ 0.10 to $ 0.15 premium to NYMEX . that collapse quite a bit and so , yes , it think there be an opportunity if this mild weather continue in storage in California relatively full to potentially lock in some low natural gas price as a feedstock for it steamflood . that ’ great .  a lot . and it last question will come from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley . hi , guy . just one quick follow - up from it , if it have it . it just -- it do not know if there be any quantification of cash flow relate to the cryo plant or the power plant on a standalone basis . have it get any way to think about that ? Todd a. Stevens yes , it think there be not , because it ’ integrate currently as operation . so if it think about it from the standpoint of -- and the way it like to talk to people be it have around 50 million barrel of equivalent production . and if it think about it from the standpoint of layer on a $ 1 fee or operate cost charge , how it want to call it or structure it , that $ 50 million a year it could put in of EBITDA and create , or $ 2 obviously $ 100 million . so that ’ kind of it think the boundary condition what it look at when it think about . what it could layer on to it operation and sustain that . so it think hopefully that give it some idea along those line . that ’ great . and when it give the kind of number of potential , it could be up to $ 1.6 billion , be that -- that ’ pre - tax , after tax ? Todd a. Stevens that will be what it take account , because obviously it want to pay down the $ 1.6 billion and that ’s after tax dollar . it hope to get there through a variety of way . 