it deliver a solid quarter that build on the success of it first quarter activity . crc continue to move forward , improve both it operational efficiency and financial position . it be build on the momentum create from execute it two joint venture earlier this year and remain on track to deliver oil production growth in the second half of the year . while the market outlook that appear to be volatile , it have be through cycle before and remain confident in it ability to execute and navigate the path ahead . it have optionality from it resilient asset base , discipline portfolio management and joint venture . it will continue to pursue all opportunity to strengthen it balance sheet . as it have do in the past it will be strategic in it discussion with it bank and thoughtful in access the capital market . it remain committed to operational excellence , vigilant on cost and most importantly , laser focus on value . as it capital program increase in the second quarter it team be able to safety [ ph ] and successfully ramp up activity as it begin to execute with it partner ' capital to supplement it organic capital program . in the quarter it continue to deploy the first $ 50 million tranche from Benefit Street and Macquarie begin fund it initial $ 160 million commitment . it team respond quickly and skillfully to the change level of activity . it asset continue to deliver and the result to - date have be at or above expectation . the new well drill at JV Capital have perform better and have low than -- lower cost than expect . the increase activity have largely be in the San Joaquin Basin . it drill 43 well in the second quarter which target steam flood and water flood . drilling pace remain in line with expectation . within the basin it have high priority growth area , all target oil and liquid rich reservoir which should further shift it production mix , and bolster it cash flow and margin . after nearly two year drill hiatus at Elk Hills the team be deliver excellent result . it start drill in 29 r structure [ ph ] for the first time since 2014 and it team hit the ground run . the four well that have be drill thus far be put on production with cost 22 % low than the previous program and ip rate 30 % high than expect . these level also extend the low know oil by 600 foot and add reserve with further potential to go down depth . it be excited to increase activity in the Kettleman area as this be an oilfield analog with a large structure of stack pay opportunity . it have start and will continue to define this opportunity further over the coming year with workover and new well . as it have say in the past , it have prioritize it capital use it VCI metric and capital work overhead prove to deliver some of the high value . one of the thing that set California apart be that it have approximately 400 different produce horizon . this mean that one well expose it to multiple pay zone , allow it to exit additional reservoir without have to drill a new well . it capital workover enable it to add reserve from untapped pay zone at high economic return for investment and support it strong and stable base of production . during the second quarter it execute over a 124 capital workover which have a VCI of approximately 3.6 base on it low $ 50 BRENT price tag . one example of this be at Mount Poso . after a comprehensive review the team identify eight well with great completion potential . this project perforate bypass pay [ ph ] to add almost 250 barrel of oil per day for under $ 600,000 , as well as 13 pud location and additional reserve . during the second quarter crc deliver in excess of 129,000 barrel of oil equivalent per day of production , which be at the midpoint of it guidance . this result be achieve with low than expect capital reflect it operational efficiency . it asset be characterize by low decline rate and be less capital intensive than many other north american basin . this be due in large part to the fact that it asset do not rely on complicated completion and be more conventional in nature . the deployment of joint venture in CRC Capital remain on track and it envision double it total well count for the year compare to it initial plan at the start of 2017 . it receive a second $ 50 million tranche from bsp at July 2017 and expect additional Macquarie funding over the remainder of the year . depend on commodity price it expect to invest approximately $ 400 million of capital in 2017 which reflect $ 17 million of operational efficiency . $ 150 million of this amount will be fund by it JV partner . it expect the JV investment to allow it to maintain at least a six rig program for the balance of the year and into 2018 , even exclude CRCs organic capital . in the exist price environment it believe it current budget will lead it to production growth over the foreseeable future . it strong asset base be particularly beneficial due to the flexibility it provide in a volatile price environment . it have show that it asset have the stay power to deliver a reliable base of production and cash flow even with minimal capital investment . the quality of it reservoir , couple with it complementary infrastructure allow for a less capital intensive development than what it be use to see with other E&P company . it team have diligently work it life of field plan and have identify numerous economic project that meet it investment criterion at low price . it have over $ 500 million barrel of oil equivalent of resource with fully burden field level cost average $ 20 per Boe . these long live resource provide a low decline foundation of it continued stable base of production . recent joint venture transaction provide another point of validation of the quality of it asset base and further increase it ability to manage it investment . in a high price environment the acceleration of activity from the JV should help compound the efficiency and cost saving which it be implement . the prolonged period of low $ 40 Brent pricing will call for a pullback in it organic capital , and a reduction in drilling to stay within cash flow . partner capital would be utilize to maintain activity level and aid in secure vendor pricing . it can than flex crc capital to the high value opportunity available include debt reduction . it continue to pursue constructive way to reduce it overall debt establish by it former parent . since the 2015 peak it have reduce it debt by $ 1.6 billion while strategically retain control of it asset which have enhance it optionality through the downturn . it have consistently define multiple avenue through which it can further strengthen it balance sheet , which Mark will touch upon . it have also maintain strong relationship with it bank and have work to keep in the front seat with it . it have support it through the cycle and it maintain an active dialogue with it . it sign two large joint venture earlier this year and just close it ninth small JV . it small development and exploration deal now total approximately $ 30 million of committed capital and it provide more than $ 75 million of committed capital if it activity be successful . it have see it be flexible in it deleveraging effort with a focus on maximize value for it shareholder . it will continue to act opportunistically to take advantage of the change in the capital market . it will evaluate each opportunity to see what it bring forth , the most value and ultimately debt reduction . it would like to highlight that unlike other , it have be very thoughtful not to dilute it shareholder . it perspective remain steadfast in this regard . it continue to put it effort towards control the controllable . through the first half , it have make progress in reduce it debt and contain it cost . it have also be opportunistic with it hedging to underpin it capital investment activity through the first half of 2018 , by place $ 60 Brent hedge for a meaningful portion of it production . it be committed to maintain it strong safety record as activity increase and it partner have be please with the production response it have deliver . it be confident that it can continue to find efficiency and optimally align it capital structure . it have a flexible portfolio of asset , with excellent optionally and strong operational and management execution to navigate the path ahead . it will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss the detail of it second quarter result as well as other financial matter .  , Todd . it be go to briefly frame a few key point that characterize it financial performance this quarter . commodity price soften during the period . however , California crude realization remain strong with a realize price differential to brent remain tight . as a result of the decline in the Brent Index it work to adjust it internally fund capital program accordingly by reduce it direct capital investment while utilize it recently execute JV program to actually increase it overall activity level . it want to underscore that operationally it continue to fire on all cylinder . it continue to see strong operational performance as it safely and efficiently increase it overall activity level . Todd highlight that it have multiple avenue to continue strengthen it balance sheet . let it cover some of the principle that guide it thought in this area . first of all , it be a process , but it do not expect any one transaction deliver it target leverage ratio of below three time at mid - cycle pricing . secondly , it be sensitive to reduce overall balance sheet leverage only to increase it operating leverage to an equivalent or great extent . that say , it have make progress and be continue to pursue multiple path for asset monetization , both infrastructure and produce asset as well as liability management , while also work with it bank group . please note , each of these option have a different timeline . regard refinance it preference be to deal with it balance sheet in order of maturity to minimize it overall interest burden and to ultimately extend it bank facility . it remain doggedly focused on each of these task . as it have discuss it be execute on it plan and have see it team and it asset base outperform with it increase activity as a result of the joint venture . to reiterate , it like jv because it increase it flexibility to deploy capital , derisk it portfolio add reserve and give it the ability to ramp activity into 2018 and beyond . result from the second quarter of 2017 land within it key guidance range and build upon it solid first quarter . prove how different it asset be from those in other region , it asset resilience continue to lead to outperformance by deliver at or well than anticipate decline rate at the low end of it capital investment guidance , while other region may have to spend million to complete well in one pay zone or stack pay and geology , give it a long - term advantage . it low capital intensity and it focus on margin contribute to control both it capital and production cost which come at the low to midpoint of it guidance . as it have discuss it continue to ramp up overall activity with JV Capital while preserve it optionally to allocate CRCs organic capital as market condition warrant . in the second quarter , it increase it consolidated capital investment nearly 65 % to $ 82 million from $ 50 million in the first quarter through the addition of third - party capital . with this it expect to grow oil production sequentially in the second half of the year . as it continue to work it life of field planning , it team be demonstrate through knowledge of it diverse asset base and maintain a focus on it cost structure . it team challenge assumption such as revisit it well bore [ ph ] construction , redesign bit select and mud program and eliminate casing strain all in order to drill both cheap and faster with the same or well ip rate , all while maintain it environmental and safety performance . these type of operational efficiency have be key to it capital investment register at the low end of it guidance range while still allow it to meet production target . in fact it team have identify about $ 17 million of capital efficiency since the beginning of this year which have be incorporate into it capital program . production for the second quarter average a 129,000 boe per day represent a 2 % sequential decline and a year - over - year decline of approximately 8 % . this be meaningfully low than it state base decline rate of 10 % to 15 % and also low than last quarter 's year - over - year decline rate of 11 % . this demonstrate the stability of it base production and provide evidence that it current capital program 's mitigate it naturally occur oil production decline . this also serve to validate it previously disclose maintenance capital estimate . as it continue to ramp up activity it expect a modest production uplift in the second half of 2017 with more tangible production increase in 2018 . with commodity price soften over the quarter , second quarter brent crude oil price average $ 50.92 per barrel . this be 8 % strong than a year ago but 7 % low than the first quarter average price of $ 54.66 . realization continue to be strong as the demand for native California crude remain high . of note , it expect demand for low crude to continue underpin tight differential for some time . as a result it second quarter crude oil realization remain strong at 94 % of Brent and it realize crude oil price for the quarter , include the effect of settled hedge be $ 47.98 per barrel . this compare favorably to the $ 43.70 register in the prior year period . settle hedge add a $ 1.03 per barrel to it second quarter 2017 realize price . realize NGL price be also strong on a year - over - year basis . the second quarter realize NGL price of $ 30.08 per barrel be 33 % high than the second quarter of 2016 primarily due to tight domestic supply , the strength of export and high contract price on natural gas only . the second quarter 2017 realize natural gas price of $ 2.47 per Mcf be 49 % high than the second quarter of 2016 price of $ 1.66 per Mcf . this increase be mostly due to low domestic production level , at Lee [ ph ] Canyon and high demand . recall that with a severe commodity price decline in the first part of 2016 it purposely reduce and defer downhole and surface maintenance activity . additionally , natural gas price during that time be at relative low provide reduce energy and fuel gas cost for it steam flood operation . it have now return it activity to high level this year . as a result along with the effect of high gas price it production cost in the second quarter of 2017 be $ 28 million high than the second quarter of 2016 . it team have do an excellent job of maintain it controllable cost essentially flat on a sequential basis . of the $ 5 million increase in production cost relative to the first quarter , the majority be really conduct elective well maintenance which positively impact production . on a unit of production basis , second quarter production cost of $ 18.34 per Boe be in the mid - range of it guidance . exclude the effect of PSE contract , per unit production cost would have be close to $ 17 per Boe . as a reminder , it benefit more from high natural gas price because of it net long natural gas position . total general and administrative expense be flat on a total dollar basis year - over - year . interest expense of $ 83 million be inline sequentially and with it guidance . the high blended interest rate compare to the prior year as result of it ongoing deleveraging activity . this be partially offset by it significantly low total debt balance result from liability management action that it execute in 2015 and 2016 . for the second quarter it report a net loss of $ 48 million or a $ 1.13 per diluted share and an adjust net loss of $ 78 million or $ 1.83 per diluted share . the adjusted net loss exclude $ 35 million of non - cash hedge gain and $ 5 million of other charge . adjust EBITDAX for the second quarter of 2017 be $ 158 million and essentially flat with the prior year period . due to the timing of interest and property tax payment total $ 188 million in the second quarter operate cash flow be a negative $ 13 million in the quarter but remain positive at a $ 120 million for the first half of 2017 . it end the quarter with a debt balance of $ 5.2 billion , down from $ 5.9 billion a year ago reflect it continued focus and progress on strengthen it balance sheet . in summary , it have a dependable base of production and a portfolio of asset with meaningful optionality . it agile and thoughtful team have the drive to manage through the cycle . it be proud of it . year - to - date it have make good progress in reduce it debt and it continue to be focus on further strengthen it balance sheet . please note it provide detailed analysis of adjust item as well as key third quarter 2017 guidance that it mention in the attachment to it earning release . it will be happy to take any question it may have on that information and on other aspect of the result during the Q&A portion of this call . it will now turn the call back over to Todd .  it , Mark . in closing , it would like to remind it of three important point . first it ability to maintain production at low decline rate and challenge time illustrate the tremendous value and low capital intensity of it asset base . second , crc operate in a world class oil province with meaningful running room . it have significant stack pay and over 40 billion barrel of original oil equivalent in place . industry inactivity [ ph ] in California have historically focus on shallow opportunity . the lack of capital investment have leave the reservoir here largely under export and under developed , leave substantial untapped potential . third , CRC have a dominant position within the California marketplace , which create important competitive advantage . California 's the the sixth large economy in the world on a standalone basis and the state 's increase population and energy demand leave it in a chronic energy deficit . it state oil demand be predominantly meet from foreign import , base on Brent pricing . all of these result in a continued strong local demand for the oil it produce and strong realization . as it continue to build upon the first half 's momentum it see that second half oil production return to a growth profile . just to remind it it be well position today than it be at the spin on all front . it have decrease it debt , improve it cost structure , weather a downturn and strategically partnered to further create value and drive in the future . it be now welcome it question . question - and - answer session  it , sir . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question it have come from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley . please go ahead . good evening guy . let it start with -- on the jv , interest of the new party have historically ebb and flow with the oil price , and then the outlook . it know it believe on last call it mention the capacity to deploy up to 1.5 billion of CapEx per year . just any color on it recent JV interest or kind of expectation here on further transaction . what it can say be it be in active negotiation on numerous jv of every size it can imagine from a billion dollar to a few hundred million dollar and even small than that . so it think it would be fairly confident base on the opportunity set it see today that it should be able to get one of those across the finish line by year end . but again it be all shape and size as it note in the call here . it have execute some very small one and it have execute some large one . great on the -- it second question , it follow up be on it production low end of the range . it think for the first time , just standalone , that it recall . what drive that in the quarter and be that relate to the CapEx . CapEx be be also much low in the quarter versus the guidance and trend like well below it 250 range . so maybe comment on that production number and the CapEx trend if it could . it think it production be right kind of down the middle of the fairway in the guidance . with the quarter , as it say all along it feel it be at the inflection point here . it be sure there will be a question now let it go ahead and hit it here about the guidance for next quarter . and it will remind people of math and the parabola and the average on the way down when it hit the vertex be the same as the average on the way up when it the hit the vertex at the same three month . so now it can get an idea why it have talk about this be the inflection point around mid - year for oil production growth and it can see it as it go into the next quarter as it feel like it hit that inflection point . it feel pretty good the way it ramp on activity . it have not have any serious injury . really it focus have be on safety and go from just a few rig at the start of the year and no rig the last year . it feel real good that be nine rig operate at this point in time . and the CapEx piece . CapEx operating efficiency , it mean be big part of that . it have pull back some -- on some of the project but that ’ really more timing than anything . but it be really be operational efficiency it have see that come down , on both it JV partner and it organic capital . so the guide at 250 to 275 still stand despite trend significantly below that ? yeah , it think it would say right now it be right around 250 . appreciate it , guy .  it . next it have Doug Leggate of Bank of America . Unidentified Analyst hey , good afternoon , guy . this be clay on for Doug . Unidentified Analyst hey , it get a couple of question that it be hope that it can reconcile a couple of thing for it . so first of all it look like the activity in the unconventional be really pick up help by spend at the PSP JV , and it be try to reconcile that against the pie - chart that it be show on slide show the D&C capital by drive , which show about 10 % of it budget go towards unconventional . and what it be look at be in it press release it have this attachment 4,which show about $ 69 million of it capital go to the unconventional this year . so it be just hope that it can help it understand whether or not it -- the amount of D&C capital towards the unconventional be change or what it be see there ? really , the - the capital for the -- what it see as unconventional be just the upper Monterey at Elk Hill . that be really and then what it call unconventional also it remember it outline a while ago be it actually have some thing that would be classify as tight bank in the Rocky Mountains that it be pursue also . s , it be more along those line when it say unconventional with -- there be some unconventional , when it say Upper Monterey Shale but then there also be some thing that will be classify arguably as just tight from a credibility standpoint and similar like it say to the rocky mountain in the 90 . Unidentified Analyst got it . be those target that JV be target ? Unidentified Analyst okay , second question , just on slide number six , on the bottom right hand corner , it be show a pretty big step up in spending between ' 17 and ' 18 and it be wonder what be drive that . Could it be the -- like an acceleration of the JB spending for 2018 that be show that inflection there ? that be correct . but also remember that be just a portfolio planning scenario where it invest it cash flow at the assumption on that page , to price and the like . but yeah , it will see a step up in investment from it JV partner . it will see a modest amount from Macquarie this year , more next year and obviously bsp as it continue to step in , and work with it on it partnership . Unidentified Analyst all right . appreciate the answer guy .  . next it have Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs .  it . good afternoon . Can it talk about the Elk Hills power plant [ ph ] sale outlook from third party ? how it be think about where that be head . and then just thought around monetization ? it continue to look at sort of everything and anything as far as asset monetization , the Elk Hills power plant and some of the mid - stream have be topic of discussion , numerous time along the way here . it be actually in discussion with a few different folk about this right now . third party utilization , it think about third , little over a third of the power currently be utilize internally by it and the rest be sell on the grid . it sell to mostly to power purchase arrangement with one of it large utility . okay .  . and then back to that production side . just try to kind of parse through the direction of oil production specifically here , because it look like the -- it be kind of flatten out in the third quarter from a BOE a day perspective . but can it just kind of talk about oil mix and the magnitude of what that could be and the risk around it to be upside and downside in the -- over the next few quarter ? it oil mix come down very slightly in the quarter and it have to do with some drilling really in some area that have a lot associate gas primarily in the 29 r structure , which it reference . but it think it will see it climb over time generally . so it think it have reach that inflection point and it now be start to grow it oil production for the back half of the year and go forward . which would imply rate decently rise [ p ] in the second half of the year ? yeah it think the growth be go to continue . it think it still standby what it talk about . it think the exit rate and entry rate be go to be about the same and it have a bias to the upside on the exit rate . and again it think it have -- like it parabola analogy , it think it have reach the bottom of it and it be start to climb up the back side . great .  it . next Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research . excuse it hi guy . property tax say -- the property tax and what be that about ? yeah the property tax in California , as it know it be an ad valorem tax it pay in the second quarter and the fourth quarter . and overall it believe it be come down modestly in the tax assessment what it assess mid - year . so it have that bake in , but yes that be the big actual cash payment on the property taxis be in the second quarter and fourth quarter . so it should just rule those forward as it be or it change around much ? it think it believe there be a little bit of buck that be [ ph ] upwards since where product price have be for the back half of the year . but it would not be material compare to the exist number . understand . be there anything -- it have see some volatility around California in refining , do that make any difference to it guy or not a lot ? so , so far it think it have see where it differential have strengthen . it think it see it continue to strengthen from where it have see in the quarter . and it believe particularly someone like Venezuela and some of the heavy grade around the world go down , or be be not produce , be be deliver , it think there be go to be more bias for it native production particularly in the refinery here in the bay area and the LA area it be build to run ANS and SJV heavy . yeah it be think that . finally it guess this may be one first to discuss over a drink , but it mean it guess it be be pretty dramatic in the oil price for these earning with the question surround the Permian . let it just keep it simple , what be it perspective on what it have see over the past few day ? it think overall from what it have read and hear be that it seem like what be happen there that there be some crack in the ship and it be try to figure out , be it repairable or it be go to continue as be but kind of full steam ahead . it seem like some of the aggressive assumption that have be put out there probably be not as attainable as people think . yeah it be kind of reminiscent of have work to the big bank and whether or not it take it [ indiscernible ] in the early in the downturn or late . it be quite interesting . it be think this in theory could be a positive read through for it guy absolutely , because obviously as it say it start to -- it medicine early and this will work out well , and often . okay , there be some other item go back for cash flow . be there anything else that it would highlight it just some of the above the line , sort of other in the stuff . obviously what it be try to do be just get to the recur number give the operate cash flow be a bit disappointing , give the operator be bite high in the quarter . that be why it be really ask about the property tax basically . yeah and the property tax -- and remember also the interest payment be slightly high in the second quarter also , just the way that it work relative to the other quarter . but it think overall it be a quarter of execute the plan , ramp up activity with it partner and do so safely . and it think by the time it will talk again next quarter it will have more to talk about from a transaction potential monetization and joint venture partner and all both happening . yeah , it get that impression .  guy . and next it have Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James . Pavel molchanov  for take the question . first a policy question . so just last week the California Legislature vote to extend cap and trade through 2030 . be there any impact from that vote on it business ? it be something it have operate under already . and it be class of business that be include in it kind of other production taxis when it look at those thing . so it think it just continue and it actually from it perspective it provide a market base solution and it be much more predictable and stable than potentially other alternative . so it think the business committee , it include be happy with the outcome relative to other outcome . so again it think it provide the market base solution and that be more predictable and more stable . Pavel molchanov okay . and it say that it current rig count be at 9 . it be close to zero last year . do it have a sense of what be happen to the rig count in California beyond the one that it guy be operate . in other word , be there a similar kind of recovery in industry activity or be it just it guy that be ramp . it think it be really just it . it think [ indiscernible ] to it . it do not think there be any activity set around by any other large operator or even small operator . Pavel molchanov okay . make sense . all right .  it guy . next it have Sean Sneeden of Guggenheim . hi ,  it for take the question . maybe just to follow - up on Paul 's question on free cash flow . but be the use of work capital be that all just kind of start - up cost when associate with it ramp - up in the rig count , or anything else that be kind of one time that be associate there ? yeah . it get to remember also in addition to kind of build the working capital it have the interest expense timing . it be fairly material . it be a $ 100 million difference between the first quarter payment and second quarter payment still . so it mean in any of the property taxis when it layer on top of that . okay . that be helpful . and just kind of big picture but should it still be think about a minimum kind of free cash flow neutrality include the term [ indiscernible ] payment or be that it change it all ? at a minimum . yeah , at a minimum . okay and then maybe Mark can it just remind it it purchase bag for [ indiscernible ] or the unsecured . have it utilize any of that at this point and be there anything that will prevent it from use for the cash flow to repurchase anything on the market ? just as a reminder it use the basket [ indiscernible ] that it have create earlier in the year . it still have availability under the basket , but it have to build that through asset sale monetization that as Todd describe it continue to look at . okay . so it would not be able to use free cash flow to necessarily go out and repurchase . it have to go in repay the term loan , be that right ? that be correct . yeah , and then just maybe ... let it clarify . it use free cash flow -- but it do use free cash flow to pay back it revolver . so it do not just ... well Mark be refer to buy discounted debt it have to buy that subordinate to the bank it have to create a basket to do so . right . okay .  it for that clarification . and then maybe Todd just one overarch a big picture question on jv . it guess in it conversion with folk , be there anything that be stylistically different than the exist arrangement that it have . it be more geared towards exploration or should it be conceptually to gain something similar to what it have in place now ? the large one it would say be similar more to Macquarie , and Benefit Street bank a little different . it create something with it that be rather unique . the small one , a lot of those be exploration and it think that it be actively look at slightly large , and a lot more of those small type jv , be mostly exploration it would say rather than development on that side . okay . that be helpful .  it very much . next it have Jacob Gomolinski - Ekel of Morgan Stanley Jacob Gomolinski - Ekel hey guy .  for take the question . just it guess maybe a big picture question on asset sale in the State and asset sale from other year in term of the Eagle . there be few -- Linn sell a few asset and then also there be the Hess and Occi , which it guess be little bit different . but can it talk about maybe similarity and difference between those asset and your give what those imply on a dollar per [ indiscernible ] basis ? it think when it look back it have large asset sale that occur in the States that have be disclose . yet , obviously Sentinel Peak buy Freeport - McMoRan build plain position in California . it think that be a little bit of distress sale in it mind set . it think the Linn purchase by Berry , it think that be asset sale that be reflective of heavy oil valuation . it think that be the property that be similar to it Lost Hills property and many other [ indiscernible ] or steam flood maybe not the caliber of a Kern River and Midway Sunset but it think it be on par with that . so it think that be the value . when it have a look through it think that be very much appropriate to [ indiscernible ] here oil type asset , if not maybe current price . Jacob Gomolinski - Ekel great  . and then just the quick question be on maybe PBF talk about Torrance finally be up and run . so curious if it be see any effect on pricing and differential in California post that event ? it see what it differential be . it have strengthen in the quarter . it have see a little bit of further strengthen since then . it think it have to do with the level of -- again like it say heavy mix in the world . there be some people that be [ indiscernible ] that have geopolitical issue associate with it . and remember that the refinery in the Bay area and the LA have be build to run ANS and run SJV Heavy . so that be why it think it blend of crude have be get a premium relatively to other crude . Jacob Gomolinski - Ekel got it . that be all from it ,  very much . and next it have Gregg Brody , Bank of America . good afternoon guy . Could it just remind it for the jv , how be that run through the cash flow this quarter ? and then maybe it can remind it or explain just the rationale for drop the confidence it [ ph ] have ex - jv , sort of production and the CapEx ? it be really just try to figure out how to think about the spend -- that cash off of from those JV sell forward and where that ’ fall through ? so talk about the two jv it be explore everything else . it do that one time to kind of give it a feel for what be go on and how it work . but Macquarie would be no different than if it have a work interest partner in a field , or well . so that will show up no different than the accounting that it may see with anyone else as an non - core partner with it . Benefit Street be a little different . it be a net profit interest . so it be go to flow through in a different area and come out , it think at other comprehensive OCI and Mark , be that right ? yes , it come out in the net loss attributable or attributable non - controlling interest . yeah so , it be below the line item non - controlling interest . so that be how it both flow through . and so Benefit Street like all it capital will show up as it capital even though when it try to do a free cash flow calculation it will be off because some of that capital that technically be also fund by Benefit Street . it be just the way it account for it it be go to be totally different . it think more the one it be contemplate in the future that it be have active discussion with it more along the line of Macquarie and a more traditional joint venture arrangement where it be report as partner and it report it interest . and then the back half of it question , it lose what be that again , Gregg . that be the back half . the first half be this quarter be at $ 1 million net that come through , that be so it have a net income ( multiple speaker ) yeah that be correct . and it disclose it early on , but it be go to get really messy and hard to follow . and it feel like it be easy because people in the end be ultimately interested in it net to it , not really with and without Macquarie and everything else , because it be just it get too confusing particularly as it later on more and more joint venture . as it appreciate how confusing that be . just maybe just on the -- so the free cash flow number it mention , it should be above -- it do generate free cash flow that include those payment go forward , correct and particularly the Benefit Street payment . yeah Benefit Street , because that be one where it get confusing . because this show up in it financial as it capital when in fact have be fund by it . so it will figure it out when it go through the fund flow but not in the income statement . right , Greg the way to think about Benefit Street be as it control it be consolidated and net come out in that non - controlling interest line item . and so would it expect obviously this start over a quarter ago . that should start to pick up next quarter , correct , or be there still sort of a waiting period . yeah , it would expect so yes . and it would mention the third party -- it mention small jv . it think it give a number and do it say there be 9 and it have raise $ 30 million from there be that correct ? yeah it have 9 jv -- other jv that it have execute that have $ 30 million of committed capital . and it have follow on to further earn it interest if it so desire . that will commit it up to $ 75 million . got it . and so that will come through as a work interest for it in term of it production . yeah if it be successful that be correct . it be mostly exploration . those be mostly exploration . just out of curiosity be there -- it be a carry arrangement as [ ph ] well ? all right . that be it from it guy .  it . so next it have Jay Spencer with Stifel . hi , good afternoon . it have a question about hedge . Can it tell it about the transaction to swap 29,000 barrel a day of Brent at $ 60 a barrel for the first half of 2018 ? it seem like a really good deal . to get that swap do it have to offer the $ 45 put and if it be go to do more of these be that the way that be go to work ? and just look at slide 14 , it look like the counterparty have option to do more swap . whether there be a commensurate amount of put sell , if it guy [ indiscernible ] ? Jay , it will give it an idea . it be not just one transaction , and it really look day - to - day to try to get the right volatility and the different instrument around Brent . and so it start to line a few time for it to execute this transaction , and effectively what it be do be , swap Brent and it be not 29,000 it be a different incremental . 4 at 60 it see the short put at 45 and it also offer it the right to extend certain time period . so it get to June 1 , the first quarter it can extend -- effectively double the crude it buy at 60 . so when it do all that and then it throw in a few dollar of cash , it end up with the transaction . so , again it be try to have it all flow through and it understand the volatility associate with all that , and how it actually work . it do not know if it want any more mechanic of how it work but so even if crude drop between 45 and 60 , it be go to get 60 for Brent . got it . okay . all right . that help . and it talk a little bit about basket for repurchase debt , but what about just issuance , like straight issuance of new secured debt or potential exchange . be there more capacity to do -- secure debt sound for instance like a first lien third out , that be behind firstly second out ? Jay there be – it believe that be like 800 , 900 and it will have Mark give it color on that . Jay , it , it be just as Todd describe , the subtlety be that would likely involve a player approval to some extent of the capital structure . so it be not as easy to accomplish , it be just straight issuance of the debt . so there be involvement of other in the capital structure along the wire . so , it make it a little bit of the challenge to execute but it continue to consider those type of thing . 