earlier today , Delta report an $ 832 million pre - tax profit , or $ 0.96 per share . the core business perform well and it see nice upside from it contract renewal with American Express . it grow it earning per share by 28 % , expand it operating margin by a 150 basis point and deliver an after - tax return on invest capital of 14.5 % over the last 12 month . this performance demonstrate how it be translate it unique brand , unmatche competitive advantage and pipeline of initiative to drive earning growth , margin expansion and solid return for it owner . this also underscore it confidence that it have in it future , which be one of the reason why it accelerate it share repurchase , return $ 1.6 billion to it shareholder this quarter . it achieve 7.5 % top line growth , as demand for it product remain strong . it ancillary business deliver double - digit growth and it extend it leadership in deliver great value for it customer . this start with industry - lead reliability as the world ’s good run airline . it deliver the good March quarter completion factor in it history at 99.06 % despite a very difficult winter weather . reliability in it culture of service underpin the strength of it brand and allow it to build last customer relationship . domestic net promoter score have average 50 % this year , up 7 point versus last year . this be the reason it sustain the good revenue premium in the industry , and it ’ not just it customer who notice . earlier this week , Delta top the airline quality rating and be the only airline to improve in all category . just as important , it continue to execute on cost discipline . non - fuel unit cost decline slightly , mark the third quarter in a row of cost performance below inflation and give it good line of sight to achieve it full - year non - fuel unit cost expectation of 1 % . the combination of revenue momentum and cost discipline drive a one point improvement in it pre - tax margin , a successful step in it path to improve margin performance for the full - year , and it earning per share growth of 28 % in the March quarter should be in the top 10 % of company in the S&P 500 . at the heart of this performance be the Delta people , it hard work and focus on the customer be what set Delta apart and it want to  it and say congratulation for start the year with $ 220 million towards next year ’s profit sharing . during the quarter , there be exciting development in loyalty , it maintenance , repair and overhaul business and fleet that ensure it build on it earning momentum , strengthen it strategic advantage and further diversify it revenue stream . 55 % of it revenue now come from premium product and non - ticket source , up from less than 40 % in 2011 . the grow revenue stream from loyalty and it MRO be major component of the $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion in free cash flow that it except to generate this year . it long - term agreement give it well visibility and even more confidence in the sustainability of this level of cash generation . importantly , it be decouple from air fare and provide stability in any economic environment . last week , it be pleased to announce the contract renewal with American Express , extend it agreement through 2029 . Delta and American Express be two great consumer brand and it share passion for service and innovation be at the foundation of it long - term partnership . it American Express partnership be it most important commercial relationship , and it appreciate the confidence that Steve Squeri and the rest of the AmEx team place in Delta . while it AmEx contract be not set to expire for several year , the early renewal accelerate momentum by provide certainty in a platform for mutual growth and investment . it except the new agreement to enable substantial growth in the Delta skymile credit card portfolio , set the stage to create not just the industry ’s most valuable co - brand program , but one of the most valuable consumer co - brand on the globe . Delta ’s benefit be expect to grow to $ 7 billion by 2023 , up from $ 3.4 billion last year and just $ 1 billion at the start of this decade . this growth trajectory demonstrate the strength of the Delta brand and the grow attractiveness of it value proposition to it customer . as the large mro in North America , it also expect to generate double - digit growth , reach more than $ 800 million in revenue this year , and it be grow this business by develop new capability and secure long - term partnership . during the quarter , it complete construction on the world ’s large engine test cell . the test cell open the door to new large engine testing capability , include those in it agreement with Rolls - Royce and with Pratt & Whitney . as it continue to invest in and grow it maintenance business , it expect the MRO top line to reach $ 2 billion over the next five year . and finally , it continue to transform it fleet . while it have make substantial enhancement to it fleet over the last number of year , it expect substantial efficiency benefit be still ahead for it , support revenue growth and contribute to Delta ’s sustained margin advantage . with more than 80 new delivery this year , 2019 will be an important year for this initiative . it have a milestone this quarter with the first flight on it state - of - the - art Airbus 220 . this innovative aircraft set a new standard for the domestic narrow - body product . it customer love it and it be find it book specifically to be on the Airbus 220 . it have 90 delivery of this product alone schedule over the next several year . so 2019 be off to a real solid start . the core business perform well during the quarter , which combine with the upside from the American Express renewal , give it increase confidence in it full - year plan of strong top line growth , margin expansion and double - digit earning growth . business have momentum and there be significant opportunity ahead of it . it have a strong foundation with it strategic advantage , which be it culture , it lead operational reliability , an unrivaled network , it loyalty program and relationship with American Express and an investment - grade balance sheet . these advantage combine with a great brand power by the very good professional in the business provide the engine to drive long - term value for it owner . before it turn the call over to Glen and Paul , it would also like to take a minute to introduce Tim Mapes , who will become it Chief Marketing and Communications Officer start next month . Tim have more than 25 year of experience with Delta and have be a lead force behind the Delta brand . Tim be assume this role , because it good friend Ned Walker be head off to a well - earn retirement . Ned , it leave behind an incredible legacy of leadership and service to Delta and the industry , and on behalf of the entire Delta family .  it . and now , it will turn the call over to Glen to discuss the revenue environment . Glen Hauenstein  , Ed , and  , everyone . it would like to start by  the Delta team , the unmatched service it provide be the foundation for it increase customer satisfaction . this enable it to generate record revenue of $ 10.4 billion in the March quarter , up 7.5 % over last year . it make good progress on it long - term priority to drive top line and earning growth by leverage it network , premium offering , it co - brand agreement with American Express and it ancillary business . start with it top line , corporate revenue remain healthy , increase 8 % for the quarter . in it most recent Corporate Travel Survey , 90 % of travel manager expect to maintain or increase it travel spend in the second quarter . this be a record for it June quarter survey . during the first quarter , 55 % of it revenue come from premium product and non - ticket source . premium product revenue be up 8 % to more than $ 3 billion in the March quarter on a 4 % increase in premium capacity . look forward , premium revenue growth should accelerate through the year as it introduce more aircraft with the full suite of product and improve it ability to sell all of it premium product on delta.com , as well as in external channel . cargo revenue decline 5 % in the quarter similar to what it have hear from freight company , it be see challenge from soft volume and currency headwind . it MRO business be perform well with revenue up nearly 40 % on new customer volume and heavy work scope from exist customer . the growth rate will moderate in the June quarter , but will still be up double digit over prior year . total loyalty revenue grow $ 1.2 billion , up 21 % with a little more than $ 100 million of the improvement drive by the new contract with American Express . demand for skymile as a currency be strong than ever . mileage redemption grow 12 % in the March quarter as it provide customer more opportunity to use it mile . enhance customer loyalty and trust be at the heart of it business , and it be find innovative way to reward it customer for it loyalty . increasingly , customer be use mile for product and service beyond just award ticket as it expand mile as a form of payment . during the quarter , it roll out mile as currency to mobile , offer SkyMiles member the opportunity to upgrade to a more premium experience through it app . it see an overwhelmingly positive response with revenue in the March quarter already exceed it regional full - year estimate . on average , there be already 4,000 customer upgrade with mile every day , with more than half of those transaction come via mobile . this drive nearly 4 point of redemption growth in the quarter . it goal be to provide customer the ability to use mile for product and service across the entire spectrum of Delta ecosystem . it plan to deliver significant additional functionality as it move through 2019 . it close relationship with American Express be a source of true competitive advantage . the co - brand credit partnership provide a unique revenue stream to Delta by extend it engagement to a broad consumer spend , not just travel on Delta . this be reflect in a new quarterly record for acquisition of SkyMiles American Express card . it partnership with American Express be an increasingly important driver of it business that be grow faster than the core airline . co - brand card spend continue to outpace the industry with double - digit growth . in 2019 , it total contribution from American Express relationship will be over $ 4 billion , up from the $ 3.7 billion it previously expect . over the next three year , it expect continue solid growth with a more significant step up start in 2023 that will drive it total contribution to nearly $ 7 billion , double what it achieve last year . it expect the revenue benefit to Delta in 2019 will be approximately $ 500 million , drive about 1 point of unit revenue impact for the year . turn to specific on unit revenue . unit revenue grow 2.4 % on 5 % high capacity . it record completion factor add 1 point of capacity in the quarter . while this be very good for it customer , it brand and it profitability , the additional capacity weigh on unit revenue by roughly 0.5 point . even with that pressure , it be above the midpoint of it initial present guidance and the new American Express agreement have another point of benefit . passenger unit revenue grow 0.6 % , but be pressure by high capacity , currency , Easter timing and the government shutdown . despite these headwind , it expect to maintain a healthy unit revenue premium to the industry of more than 110 % . domestic revenue grow 6.9 % in the quarter on a roughly 1 % improvement in PRASM . growth in the business revenue outpace leisure in the quarter with corporate revenue improve 10 % on strong volume and a 2 % improvement in corporate average fare . leisure trend be choppy , but improve as the quarter progress . atlantic unit revenue fall 2.6 with a 2 point headwind from currency and the Easter shift . it see pressure on Europe , midpoint of sale leisure demand , which weigh on main cabin performance . corporate and premium revenue be both up over prior year . in the Pacific , unit revenue decline 2.8 % as strong demand be not enough to offset a 9 % increase in stage and a 1 point currency headwind . Korea post the good performance with a 2 % improvement in unit revenue as it joint venture synergy continue to ramp with Korean . China revenue grow by more than 25 % on a 30 % high capacity moderately pressure unit revenue growth . it capacity growth to China will decelerate in the second - half of the year , as it annualize the additional flight add to the market during 2018 . in Latin , revenue grow 2.4 % , the second consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth , drive by improve demand and yield trend in Mexico and the Caribbean . look forward , June quarter total revenue be expect to increase 6 % to 8 % , include 1 point of benefit from the agreement with American Express . it expect unit revenue growth of 1.5 % to 3.5 % on a 4 % to 4.5 % high capacity . in domestic , corporate demand be strong . leisure continue to strengthen as it approach the second quarter peak demand . it expect Atlantic to return to unit revenue growth as demand shift to U.S. point of origin in the summer season and corporate trend remain strong . in the Pacific , currency capacity growth in stage will continue to pressure unit revenue in the June quarter , but it see profitability continue to improve as it execute on it long - term vision for Asia . it fleet be become more efficient , it product be improve , it have the right partner and with these building block in place it have return to growth for the first time in seven year . performance be on track or exceed it expectation . Latin be expect to remain the good performing entity as strength continue in Mexico , the Caribbean and Brazil improve . it expect Brazil to show year - over - year RASM improvement in the June quarter for the first time in the year . sequentially in the June quarter , it expect a 1 point improvement in passenger revenue per asm with sequential improvement in all entity . on a travel basis , however , this improvement will be somewhat temper by other revenue pressure due to low growth rate in ancillary business . importantly , it passenger unit trajectory in the back - half of the year , the rate of domestic capacity , it be sorry , excuse it – importantly , for it passenger unit revenue trajectory in the back - half of the year , the rate of domestic capacity growth be expect to decelerate by approximately 2 point . this give it increase confidence in it full - year unit revenue trajectory . as it think about it network opportunity , it have leverage it first mover advantage to build it number one or number two position in it coastal gateway . later this year , it have be begin refocus it growth into it high - margin core hub to more efficient , large gauge aircraft . it continue to increase it scale while maintain it revenue premium and improve it margin . with about a point of incremental capacity drive by it record operating performance and increase gauge and stage length , it now see it full - year 2019 capacity outlook to be in a 3 % to 4 % range . however , it be always mindful of it operating environment and it will take the necessary action it see , it need to do , if it see sustain high fuel price or economic uncertainty impact it margin expansion . the slightly high capacity combine with $ 500 million in additional revenue from benefit from American Express renewal support total revenue growth of 5 % to 7 % in 2019 , up from the 46 % initial guidance give at Investor Day . in closing , the strength of the March quarter result and the contract renewal with American Express further reinforce the confidence and conviction it have in both it near - term and long - term strategy . with that , it will turn it over to it good friend , Paul .  it , Glen , and  , everyone , and  it all for join it . at it Investor Day , it reiterate it commitment to consistently deliver superior financial result . for it , this be about create value through top line growth , margin expansion and free cash flow generation through prudent capital allocation . it March quarter result provide a solid start to the year across each of these priority and give it increase confidence in it full - year outlook . this be the first quarter it have expand margin on both in operate and pre - tax basis in nearly two year . it March quarter operate margin of 10 % be a 1.5 high than last year and flat to 2017 , despite market fuel price that be approximately 20 % high this year . for the March quarter , it non - fuel unit cost decline 0.1 point , mark another quarter of strong cost performance . this be well than it initial guidance due to record operation that result in about a point of additional capacity , some shift in expense timing to the second and third quarter and continue good cost control momentum throughout the organization carry forward from the second - half of last year . fuel price be trend high , so maintain a disciplined cost trajectory be a top priority for it as it continue to drive to full - year margin expansion . it want to  the entire Delta team for it continue commitment in this effort . for the June quarter , it expect non - fuel unit cost growth of 1 % to 2 % . it be important to note that with the efficiency gain it have make through it fleet transformation , it expect to accelerate the retirement of it MD-90 fleet . it June quarter cost guidance include about a point – about 0.5 of impact for this decision . it result combine with it ongoing fleet transformation and work through one Delta keep it on track to achieve it target of 1 % non - fuel unit cost growth in 2019 . this year be important for it in it fleet transformation journey . it be optimize how it deploy it exist fleet through one Delta , continue to retire old aircraft with nearly 40 md-88s exit the fleet this year and introduce next - generation engine technology with two new aircraft type . these new aircraft generate substantial efficiency benefit and enable revenue growth , both through high premium seat mix , as well as improve customer satisfaction , support it industry - lead revenue premium and margin advantage . in February , it launch the A220 . by the end of the year , it will have 28 of these aircraft , grow this fleet to 90 aircraft by 2023 . a220 delivery enable retirement of small regional aircraft , the least efficient and high - cost aircraft in it fleet . it be also the north american launch customer for the A330900 Neo . this aircraft will join it fleet this summer , enable more efficient flying in the Pacific with a good - in - class product that be expect to generate a 5 to 10 point margin improvement versus the aircraft it be replace . new engine technology aircraft also give it the ability to structurally shift it cost curve down , while gain benefit from high gauge and a well product . it order book allow for replacement of 35 % of it mainline fleet through 2023 , allow it to continue to optimize as simplification and efficiency benefit drive further margin improvement . total fuel expense increase $ 87 million in the quarter versus prior year . refinery profit be pressure due to low gas crack spread drive a loss of $ 34 million , or about $ 0.04 per gallon in the quarter . for the June quarter , it expect it all - in fuel price to be $ 2.10 to $ 2.20 per gallon , in line with last year and up modestly from the March quarter . these result include a slight profit at the refinery for the quarter . importantly , it re - fleeting and one Delta initiative drive a 2.1 % improvement in fuel efficiency during the March quarter , double the rate it see in the same quarter last year and indicative of the efficiency it expect to generate in 2019 , further it environmental sustainability goal and lower it cost . non - operating expense for the quarter be $ 69 million high than prior year due to pension pressure and low equity partner earning , each of which be expect to repeat in the quarter . look to the June quarter , expect the top line growth of 6 % to 8 % , combine with 1 % to 2 % growth in it non - fuel unit cost and a slight moderation in fuel price over prior year support it expectation for continued margin expansion and another quarter of double - digit EPS growth . it expect earning per share to be in the range of $ 2.05 to $ 2.35 , up more than 20 % versus prior year at the midpoint and well above S&P earning growth expectation . this equate to a pre - tax margin of 14 % to 16 % , compare to last year ’s result of 14.1 % . turn to cash flow in the balance sheet , it generate $ 2 billion of operate cash flow in the quarter , with improvement over prior year on high profit and timing of it voluntary pension contribution . it reinveste in the business with $ 1.3 billion in CapEx , result in free cash flow of $ 760 million . the March quarter result and incremental benefit from AmEx give it increase confidence in achieve the high - end of it full - year free cash flow guidance of $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion , compare to $ 2.3 billion last year . in fact , it expect to produce nearly that level in the first - half of this year alone . for the full - year , it free cash flow conversion be expect to approve to around 80 % of net income , with tailwind from strong top line growth include the – include the add benefit from American Express and an improved cost trajectory . this be up 33 % from an average of around 60 % each of the last two year . it strong cash generation and a healthy balance sheet enable it to consistently return cash back to it owner . with the confidence this management team have in the sustainability of Delta ’s earning power , market volatility create an opportunity to accelerate it buyback plan within the year . it repurchase $ 1.3 billion in stock at an average price of $ 50.55 , retire 26 million share in the quarter , while also pay out $ 233 million in dividend . it repurchase be fund by a $ 1 billion seasonal working capital loan , $ 300 million of which it have already repay . the remainder be expect to be repay by the end of this year . it still expect to return approximately $ 2.5 billion to shareholder in 2019 through dividend and buyback , and remain staunchly committed to return 70 % of free cash flow to shareholder annually . in the first week of April , it contribute $ 250 million of it voluntary pension funding for the year and it expect to contribute the remain $ 250 million later this year . leverage it strong balance sheet , it recently refinance $ 500 million of schedule debt maturity . the completion of it $ 500 million EETC , refinance be approximately one - third of it 2019 schedule maturity at a 3.2 % blended rate , save it approximately $ 9 million annually on it interest expense . with debt level comfortably within it leverage ratio target of 1.5 to 2.5 time adjust debt to EBITDAR , it will continue to utilize a variety of funding source to refinance debt maturity or take advantage of market condition and refinance high cost debt . it after - tax return on invest capital on a trail 12-month basis be 14.5 % . this be up nearly 200 basis point over prior year on improve profitability and tax reform benefit . it be on track to deliver a 15 % after - tax roic in 2019 , consistent with it expectation at Investor Day . look forward , it have solid momentum and be on track to deliver strong top line growth , margin expansion and double - digit EPS growth for the full - year . this performance be a validation of it commitment to reinforce the Delta difference . the combination of it powerful brand and it unmatched competitive advantage continue to deliver industry - lead result and will drive long - term value for it owner . and with that , it will turn the call back over to Jill to begin the q&a.  , Paul . Jake , it be ready for question from the analyst . if it could give it instruction on how to get in the queue . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it will hear first from Joseph DeNardi with Stifel . hey ,  . Ed , in 2018 , it guy receive $ 3.5 billion in cash from the sell mile and report about a $ 1.5 billion in marketing fee . it be on track for $ 2 billion in 2020 . if it can get to $ 7 billion in 2023 , it will be do $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion in marketing fee . how could it possibly not break that out as a separate business unit , not talk about spin it or sell it , just segment out . what be it thought there ? well , it thought be it ’ a good problem to worry about , Joe . it be – first of all , it be pleased and thrill with the new renewal . AmEx be an awesome partner , and it two brand line up so well strategically and with it customer and it people . as it grow it loyalty program , it be right , there will be a question of disclosure in term of provide well insight from an ownership perspective and a governance perspective into the driver of it profitability into the future and whether that ’ in a segment or whatever disclosure form , it be not sure what it will take . but it ’ something that it have be give great disclosure to as it know , and it will continue to consider that . okay , that ’ helpful . and then Glen , just – or Ed , if it could just talk around some of the assumption behind get to the $ 7 billion , it seem to imply continue really strong growth in card acquisition and spend on the card . so what give it the confidence that it can continue to do that ? and then Glen , it mention there ’ another significant step up in 2023 . so it mean , can it talk about what the total value of the agreement could reach by the end of it ? Glen Hauenstein well , it continue to see it grow significantly beyond 2023 . and really one of the great reason that it have for accelerate the renewal of the contract be that it can continue to invest in new product and service for consumer that it think will make the card relatively more and more attractive and drive continued acquisition . and that be really one of the main reason to go ahead and do that at this point in time . so it be excited about the future of that . as it point out in the earning call , it do have another record acquisition in the script . it have another record acquisition quarter in the first quarter . and as it start up the second quarter , acquisition remain very strong , and it think if it can continue to provide the kind of value to customer that it want to acquire the card , which it have a great plan for with American Express it will meet or exceed those expectation by 2023 and beyond . [ Operator Instructions ] it will now move to a question from Joe Caiado with Credit Suisse . hey ,  very much .  . Ed and Paul , it be generate a lot of cash flow this year , that be already the case prior to the renewal of the AmEx agreement , the outlook for cash flow now even better . two - part question here . it know it be committed to return 70 % of free cash flow to shareholder , but it have also go above that level periodically . so it be curious how it be think about prioritize the deployment of that incremental cash flow that it be get this year ? and then the second part of question be , Ed , since it talk about the confidence this give it and the sustainability of it cash flow it be curious if it have a target for annual free cash flow conversion go forward ? well ,  , Joe . it will start with that and Ed can follow - up . obviously , the American Express agreement provide it with increase confidence about it performance throughout the year and in part help to convey that confidence through it comment about come in at the top - end of the free cash flow range for the year . it be still early in the year and it be face increase price and it be cautiously optimistic about that . it have say with the announcement of the first quarter buyback acceleration that it maintain the optionality to give back more . so consistent return of capital back to shareholder be obviously a big priority for it , and it expect to continue that into the future . Joe , to add on to Paul ’s comment , it agree with it . it think it ’ a great start to the year . it be excited with how the first quarter come , but it think it ’ still early to be raise full - year expectation whether it ’ in guidance or for profitability , EPS or cash flow . it do face a lot of volatility in oil price . and while demand have be solid , it would like to at least get through the second quarter before reassess those full - year expectation . so from it perspective , it would say , it be cautiously optimistic . it will be in the top half of the guidance range that it give it , both on EPS , as well as on free cash , but it be not ready to raise those range or expectation right at this moment . that ’ fair , it appreciate that . and then it have – second question if it may for Glen . it just want to get it thought kind of big picture on the book curve and what it be see . it feel like perhaps it be see some more heavy discounting on longer - date booking , but better close and offsetting , just love it thought there ?  . Glen Hauenstein it do not think that ’ what it see at all . as a matter of fact forward yield for every month out through the second quarter be in positive territory on high booking . so it see relatively robust leisure demand as it enter the second quarter . great .  it . it next question will come from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research . hey , Ed , put aside the issue Boeing ’s current issue of the MAX , how do the potential aftermarket work and it relationship with the engine oem factor into how it be think about buy the NMA ? well , it would say , it ’ premature to be speculate on the NMA . it ’ – Boeing have not even approve the release of it for sale . so it think it be a little early here . it be – it consider all component of the aircraft and the revenue and the opportunity that it bring . as it evaluate a new fleet family , it be an important consideration in make decision on the 321 Neo , which product it go to with the Geared Turbofan , as well as the MRO benefit that provide . it will certainly be in the consideration side as it think about the NMA , but it think try to get down to that level of speculation probably be way too early . okay . and then how do the AmEx agreement factor into how it view the lifecycle of the customer ? be there a construct where it be willing to subsidize a few year of price sensitive consumption of fare or even loss or low margin to potentially strategic customer in exchange for like a 25 to 50-year long - term relationship with increase spend as that customer build wealth ? well , it – yes , that ’ a question obviously for AmEx , as well as for it . it be – when it think about AmEx and it relationship , it think for the very long - term , it do not think in term of contract period and renewal extension . AmEx – one of the real attractive component to AmEx be the presence it have and the opportunity it create in some of it high - value segment . so , yes , if it be ask , “ do it invest in acquire high - value potential customer early in it life ? ” absolutely . and it ’ one of the reason , it think , it brand align so well , because it have similar strategy in term of how it think about it brand and how it think about consumer . very good .  it . and it will hear from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI . Duane Pfennigwerth hey ,  .  . just to come back to AmEx for a second , can it comment on the underlie driver of that $ 7 billion contribution by 2023 . how much of that be contractual rate ? how much of that be customer spend , and how much of that be new customer acquisition , if it would ? duane , it be under contract confidentiality obviously with American Express that it can appreciate . it can tell it with all of the above . and as it get further into the new contract , it think , some of those – it question will start to answer it . Duane Pfennigwerth okay , it will wait for that to be reveal . and then , Glen , it touch on mobile briefly . Can it talk about mobile more broadly ? what do it represent as a percentage of it booking today ? how large be that revenue stream , and how quickly be it grow ? Glen Hauenstein mobile be by far the fast grow , and it ’ about 20 % of it direct booking – 20 % to 25 % of it direct booking . and it seem like every week and every month it move on , mobile become a big and big chunk of total booking . so that ’ really the place that it see an incredible amount of growth and that ’ where consumer be seem to want to go in order to book delta.com , it will book directly with Delta . so very exciting and it have lot of great new release come this year , which it think will continue to enhance that customer experience with more and more utility that it can have in the palm of it hand . Duane Pfennigwerth  it very much . Helane Becker with Cowen will have the next question .  very much , operator . hi , everybody , and  it very much for the time . just on the MRO business , it say it be $ 800 million in revenue this year and it want to grow it to $ 2 billion over some timeframe go forward . Can it just talk about the CapEx that it need to get to that level , or with the new large test cell , be that build out now ? well , Helane , the good news in that be a lot of the growth that it need be now contractually provide for with it relationship with Rolls - Royce on the Trent , as well as on the Pratt & Whitney in the gear turbofan . as those product come to market , the gear turbofan be still early in it introduction , as well as the new – from the new trend product , it will see that the revenue ramp towards the back - end of that period at a high clip than it will see in the front part of that five - year period . this year , it be do well . it be look for double - digit growth top line , as well as margin improvement from the MRO , but it really start to take off pardon the pun over the next couple of year . okay . that ’ really helpful ,  it . it ’ okay it get the pun , too . just as – when it think about solo – it want to ask this question , but it be not go to really answer the whole question , because it – it start negotiate with it pilot . and when it think about it go - forward CapEx and the growth of the airline , the replacement cycle and so on , how do it manage it expectation in term of grow the non - ticket revenue or main cabin revenue , that ’ 45 % of it total revenue with what it demand be for what it expect it future income to be ? well , it be right . it be not go to talk about it discussion with it pilot . it have just begin and it ’ go to take quite sometime to reach a productive conclusion . when it think about it company , it think about all the constituent that be important to it company ; all of it employee , not just it pilot that it will create the opportunity and the value that it have already create and as well as the future . it think about the investment need that it have to make , continue in it product , in it growth . it think about the investment it need to make in it customer , investment it need to make in it community , as well as the investment it need to continue to make in it owner . so in that context , it be certain it will reach a good and fair conclusion of it pilot negotiation , but it ’ – it be not go to do it publicly and it ’ more premature to even begin to speculate on any construct there . okay . that ’ totally fair .  for it help . have a nice day . and it next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein . hey ,  , guy . maybe Glen or Ed , could it just kind of talk in simple term like what Delta actually need to do to get this incremental sort of $ 3.5 billion of revenue ? be this just a function of price on a mileage basis , the new card issue ? Could it kind of break through the driver of what actually Delta need to do to kind of secure this revenue benefit ? Dave , it ’ a good try . it will give it the same answer it give last time . it be under confidentiality and it can not give it those specific driver in term of – but it be all the above . obviously , it be go to be invest alongside AmEx in new cardholder , not just acquisition , but development in term of spend and portfolio size and range and the opportunity to expand in that regard . economic of the card obviously have improve it in term of come back to Delta . so let it say , those be a couple of the main driver . yes , it mean , it guess , it just try to – it ’ hard to sort of handicap the certain new look to put in – put that number to a model without really kind of understand the driver of kind of … let it – yes , let it suggest that it have pretty good optimism on get to the $ 7 billion in that timeframe it give . okay , all right . and maybe just as a follow - up topic on a different subject . transatlantic , when it mention that Europe be look like it ’ firm up a little bit as it get into the summer month . there ’ a lot of speculation that there ’ go to be some new capacity add into that transatlantic market . Can it talk a little bit about kind of Delta ’s experience in – on the yield curve when other sort of low - cost entrant maybe kind of come into that transatlantic market and help it think through what some of the put and take for Delta could be if it do hear an announcement that another carrier maybe fly the transatlantic soon ? well , as it know , it have face and have face significant competition from low - fare and ultra low - fare carrier in the Transatlantic for quite sometime , so this be not something new . and it be sit in a very good position it think with it partnership in the Transatlantic and with it core product and service that will continue to improve over the next month and year , so it feel very secure . and as it look at transatlantic capacity , there be always new entrant come and there be always entrant leave , if it will . so it will see what the supply and demand balance be , but it have have a very good couple of year in the transatlantic and it expect that to continue . but do it see material impact as sort of maybe Norwegian come into the market a few year ago or be it sort of part of the noise ? as it know , last year be one of the good year it have have in many year in the Transatlantic , and this year be shape up to be another great year . so it think the datum point would suggest that it be in a very good spot . all right . it appreciate the add color .  , guy . next question will come from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan . hi ,  .  , everybody . Glen , sort of an arcane one to start . Could it give it a summary of interline agreement with U.S. and canadian competitor ? it realize it ’ a small part of the business . but to the extent that MAX cancellation continue , it would help to understand which airline can send passenger over to it also if and when somebody do , be the fare it receive what the passenger pay fare be or be it something more akin to like a ID75 off it full fare ? Glen Hauenstein yes , it do not think it want to disclose the detail of it interline agreement with it partner . but it be not the fare that the customer pay , it will say that and it do have interline agreement with the two major US carrier that be it competitor and that ’ – two or the three that be experience those small cancellation . Glen Hauenstein it think now most of it have take those out , so it be try to get proactive and get way ahead of the re - accommodation , so it do not expect a significant number of day of departure re - accommodation from it . okay . and second , probably for Ed or Paul , on AmEx , how far ahead of the industry curve do it think that Delta be with the new term , or actually – no , no , no , it will scratch that , because it do not think it will answer , let it try it differently . if it be to rank the contribution to it margin premium , so if it rank the contributor to the margin premium and it give it the category of loyalty economic , domestic RASM premium , MRO , fleet and CASM , would those be the top 5 ? and what would be descend order of contribution be ? again , those category be loyalty , rasm premium , MRO , fleet and CASM , it have 30 second . it sound like a 30-minute game show , Jamie . listen , it be – it be clear in it comment that it – this contract extension will lead it to it goal of be not just the most valuable card in the industry , but one of the most valuable card in consumer card in the world . it do not know that it be number one at this moment . as it sit here within it industry , though it certainly expect over the next – the next few year , it should be number one . relative ranking , it would have to give some thought to how it would want to – what kind of cost it like to allocate to all those revenue category that it give it . okay . it guess , it will send it home with the home version of the board game then . it appreciate the answer all the same .  it , everybody . take care , Jamie . now , it will move to a question from Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank . hey ,  , everyone . hey , just two quick one here . hey , Ed , on the MRO , it recall a time , it be a few year back when Delta use to provide on a segment basis the profitability of it MRO , and it think the margin – operating margin be in the mid - teen . be that consistent with the profitability of that business today ? okay , great . and then , just it second question and Ed , this be back to it . just the headline out about , possibility of tariff on Airbus equipment . Would there be a distinction , if it know , for Airbus or aircraft may be narrow body aircraft come out of Alabama , it know , that be build by american worker , any thought on that ? it know it ’ early . well , it do not know , Mike . it know obviously , the aircraft that it be go to be take next year out of mobile , it would think would be – should be exempt from a potential tariff issue . but it will wait and see . all right . all right , great  . okay . it be go to have time for one more question from the analyst . and that question will come from Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research . okay ,  .  guy . it know go back to the use of free cash flow this year , it know , Delta have do strategic investment really well . and without comment to what it may or may not do , it wonder if it can at least comment on whether there be any interesting opportunity that it be currently evaluate . strategic investment perhaps and , it know , another partner or at least a big investment in an exist partner ? Dan , as it know , it be not go to speculate on future strategic investment on the call . the one that ’ – that ’ out there that it have indicate it be discussion with be Alitalia and it – it know , it have confirm that several time publicly that it be talk to the rail system of Italy FS , as well as with the Alitalia . leadership in the italian government about potentially make an investment , but it ’ not – it ’ not the size that it think it would want it to , it know , get into a discussion of what that mean for it use of free cash flow . it think that will – that will be an investment that ’ somewhat limited and it will spend – it certainly have not make a decision in term of climb on that . understand . second question be , it know , regard the move to probably maintain the full - year EPS , it know , there be some macro noise around Brexit partly and some low growth worry out of Europe , and , it know , it appreciate the positive revenue commentary on the Atlantic , it know , but on the UK piece of this , it know , what be it see today and , it know , can it just remind it what the UK component be to the overall revenue pie here just , it know , give the jv ? Glen Hauenstein well , UK be about 20 % to 25 % if it include the virgin piece , and much less for it , and what it be see be actually fairly decent summer travel to the UK both in business and in coach , so it have – the second quarter , it be expect UK unit revenue to be flat to up slightly . and so , while it have wait for year for the impact of Brexit on air travel , it have not yet materialize , and it will keep a close eye on it and if it have to make adjustment , it will , but , it know , it think there be so much uncertainty around what it actually be , hard for it to action it at this time . and to be clear on Glen ’s comment that 20 % to 25 % be [ at the ] Transatlantic JV not at Delta , so it be obviously a much small part of Delta . yes , understand . okay  for the time it guy . that ’ go to wrap up the analyst portion of the call . before it turn it over to medium , it just want to say behalf of the entire IR team that it have be a fantastic partner for it . hey ,  it very much Jill . it look forward work with it and it would be lucky to work with and learn from one of the good . now , it will hand it over to the medium team . great , Jill . if it could as it transition to the question and answer from member of the medium , if it would would not mind just repeat the instruction and the reminder that it just like to keep the question it as succinct and short as possible with one follow - up to allow it to get to as many of these as it possibly could . [ Operator Instructions ] and it will hear first from David Koenig with the Associated Press . hi ,  for give it this chance . it do have a question and a follow - up to one of the analyst question on the Max cancellation and the interline agreement . be those customer come over on interline agreement ? it know , how profitable be those ? and it will include it follow - up here , do it have any forecast status to how many additional passenger it may see because of Max relate cancellation at it other airline ? David , this be Ed . it – it know , it ’ – the Max , it represent a really small part of it industry ’s market share at this point , and it be not go to get into any specific detail relative to the interline arrangement it have with some of it partner that maybe fly that product . do that mean it do not expect many passenger to come over on those ? it would expect the number be not go to be material to Delta . okay . okay ,  . it will now hear from Tracy Rucinski with Reuters . hi , it indicate that the size any Alitalia stake would be limit . how large of a stake be Delta willing to take and what have hold up a deal so far ? it be not go to speculate on either the size of it investment other than what it have already say , or the time it ’ go to take to bring that to a conclusion . anything further Tracy ? no , that ’ it .  it .  it . move to Edward Russell with Flight Global . yes . Paul it mention that Delta be accelerate the retirement of the MD-90s . Could it outline how – when do Delta plan to remove the MD-90 fleet ? well , what it mention in it comment be that it be consider that it expect to make that announcement in the quarter at which point it can provide more detail on exact timing , replacement , etcetera . okay . and then , a second question on premium product . what be – how be Delta view – it mean shrink it business cabin on some of it new aircraft , the 777 200 , it mean how do it view premium demand when it be – it know , for upfront cabin that be shrink on these light body ? so , it do not look at it as reduce the number of premium seat because it be introduce an entirely new cabin on the airplane , so what it be try to do be good match the consumer demand with the product and service that it have . so , if it look at the total premium seat on those airplane , it be actually increase as it introduce Delta Premium Select to the international marketplace and that will be complete , but on all of the international light body by 2021 , and it be very excited with the initial return that customer be select that . it think when it look back at what customer want to buy from us year back , it have coach and then it have a flight bed and there be so many opportunity to satisfy consumer demand in between . so now have all five cabin available it think it feel very comfortable with the size of each one of those .  it very much . Glen Hauenstein Jake , it have time for one final question please . and that last question will come from Elliott Blackburn with argus medium . Elliott Blackburn  and  . it squeeze in again . it just hope to get an update on the progress Delta have make on effort to try to partner at the Trainer refinery ? sure . it -- it know , as it as state in January , it continue to work through that . that be a – it ’ be a long process because it ’ be a complex one . it still do that . it have no update to that guidance at this point . Elliott Blackburn and it guess if there be any kind of outlook it can give on , it know , the role of that refinery within Delta go forward . do it take on any great or less importance as it see kind of forecast for high distillate price next year and kind of a general rise jet fuel environment ? what ’ kind of it long - term outlook on the facility ? sure . the refinery have always be a strong asset for Delta and the process that it outline be in an effort to try to find way to strategically enhance that value to Delta . but as it look at both the forward curve out – in the out year , the potential prospect of increase price of jet fuel as it relate to IMO 2020 , there ’ obviously a forward view of profitability at that refinery which will serve as a very effective counter effect to increase fuel price , not only the direct production from the refinery , but also the fact that it have be able to use that production to lower it price throughout the country and throughout all the site where it purchase jet fuel have create a sustainable advantage for Delta and it do not expect that to change under any circumstance . 