it be a strong start to the year , highlight by discipline loan growth , stable credit performance and record financial result . as it outline in the last few quarter , it set out in the back half of 2018 to implement several proactive credit adjustment to approve the long - term credit quality and performance of it portfolio . while the consumer demand remain strong , and loan application from new customer in it retail and online channel increase 23 % year - over - year , the deliberate credit adjustment serve to moderate the growth of it loan origination in the quarter . total loan origination in the quarter be $ 219 million , up 8 % from the $ 202 million in the first quarter of 2018 . overall , these origination be issue to well quality risk segment , and 63 % of the credit it advance be issue to new customer , up from 58 % in the same period last year . in addition , it secure lending product account for 12 % of it loan origination in the quarter , up from 4 % in 2018 , demonstrate the strong growth potential for this product . secured loan now represent $ 68.4 million or approximately 8 % of it total loan portfolio . the increase origination lead to growth in the loan portfolio of $ 45.6 million , which reach $ 879 million , up 46 % from $ 602 million at the end of the first quarter in 2018 . it continue to see great improvement from it new digital lending platform , which be now convert it web traffic into loan origination with a 30 % improvement over it prior site . with the proportion of loan application volume come from digital continue to hover at 40 % , and over 70 % of that web traffic come from a mobile device , invest in digital technology and online marketing capability will continue to be key to enhance the customer experience . total company revenue be $ 140 million in the quarter , up 22 % drive by the growth in the consumer loan portfolio . the total yield in the quarter be 50.1 % , down from 56.1 % in Q1 of 2018 . as it share in the past , the gradual decline in the yield be part of it long - term strategy , to increase it use of risk - base pricing and expand it product suite , which increase conversion rate less the average loan size and extend the life of it customer relationship . this approach be a true win - win and support it vision of help everyday Canadians improve it credit and graduate back to prime . it also provide consumer with wide choice and access to low cost borrowing while produce great long - term profitability for the organization . turn to credit , the net charge - off rate for Q1 remain consistent with the fourth quarter of 2018 , at 13.1 % and within it target range for the year of 11.5 % to 13.5 % . the overall delinquency after the final week of the quarter close at 4.4 % , down slightly against the 4.5 % at the end of the first quarter in the prior year . it be also make great stride in Quebec . in addition to see another sequential decline in the loss rate in that market by almost 300 basis point in the quarter , it also successfully introduce the second phase of it new custom credit strategy , which will help deliver further improvement and sustainable performance in the future . with the new credit strategy in place , it have begin to increase it focus on growth in that market , which will be aid by a french - language medium campaign that be introduce this April . in the quarter , it provision rate increase by 18 basis point to 9.76 % from 9.58 % . most important , the provision rate associate purely with the underlie credit quality and the portfolio improve slightly . however , this be offset by the impact of the forward - look indicator , which serve to result in a modest increase . under the IFRS 9 accounting standard , the provision for future loss much like the in period net charge - off rate be susceptible to some volatility from quarter - to - quarter . it will also take a moment to comment on it easyhome business . in 2017 , it expand the offering of it release store by add consumer lending . since then , the loan book associate within the easyhome store have increase over $ 24 million , the effect of which have be an increase of revenue , operate income and operating margin . overall , it expect a steady improvement in this business unit as lending become a more meaningful part of easyhome 's portfolio . for the total company , the revenue growth and stable credit performance lead to continued expansion of the operating margin , which reach a record 27.7 % . net income for the quarter be a record $ 18.3 million , up 65 % from $ 11.1 million in the first quarter of 2018 result in a record dilute earning per share of $ 1.18 , up 53 % from $ 0.77 per share in the first quarter of 2018 . the strong earning growth also lift it return on equity to a record 24.4 % , up from 19.8 % in the prior year . turn briefly to the balance sheet . it highlight during it last call that in the first quarter , it make an amendment to it exist senior secure revolving credit facility , that serve to increase the limit , extend the term and reduce the cost of borrow . this balance sheet enhancement help increase it financial liquidity while reduce it fully draw cost of fund to 6.8 % . base on the cash on hand at the end of the quarter and the borrowing capacity under the amend credit facility , it have approximately $ 265 million in funding , which enable it to fund it growth plan through the third quarter of 2020 . during the quarter , it also continue to exercise it normal course Issuer Bid to repurchase 283,500 share at a weighted average share price of $ 41.75 . since implement the NCIB last October , it total repurchase now state 682,000 share buy at a weighted average price of approximately $ 39 . in closing , and as it outline last quarter , it continue to expect growth to build gradually throughout the year , resemble a similar cadence in year prior to last . prior to 2018 , it typically experience between 15 % and 20 % of it full year growth during the first quarter due to usual seasonal trend . in 2018 , it have the effect of several new initiative launch in late 2017 , which result in a great proportion of the growth in the year happen in early half of the year . as such , it remain well positioned to achieve it target for 2019 and beyond . most important , it continue to focus on gradually improve the credit quality of it origination through risk - base pricing and product expansion while deliver stable long - term performance that strike the optimal balance between growth and discipline credit risk management . as indicate earlier in the year , it expect the net charge - off rate to be in the upper end of it target range for the first half of 2019 , and gradually decline throughout the back half of the year as it credit adjustment begin to influence the overall portfolio . it have a prove track record and confidence in respond the change in the business and make the necessary enhancement to deliver consistent result over time . in addition to produce industry - lead financial performance , it be drive by a goal to provide everyday Canadians with the access to the credit it need , as it help it on the path to a well tomorrow . with an ever - broaden set of product , ancillary service and free education to help it customer improve it financial health , it be proud to see it vision bring to life , with one in three easy financial customer graduate to prime credit and 60 % increase it credit score within 12 month of borrow from it . these result give it confidence that it strategy be work while produce benefit for it customer and it shareholder . with those comment complete , it will now open the call for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Nik Priebe from BMO Capital Markets . just want to start with a question on commission earn from ancillary product . it think in the MD&A , it have allude to the fact that certain commission earn on those product be generate base on new loan origination rather than be earn on something it can to a trail basis ? so it guess , just for it own understanding , what proportion of those - the total commission earn , say in the easy financial segment would be consider sensitive to transaction volume in a period as oppose to the overall size of the portfolio ? Nik , it be Dave . Nik , it do not disclose the breakdown of the individual ancillary product revenue . it can tell it that qualitatively , it be it home and auto product that be a traditional roadside assistance and various other ancillary service associate with it that be sell when a new loan be originate . so one of those be see due to loan book growth be a little bit low in Q1 of this year than last year . it opportunity to sell H&A in the current quarter decline . that be reduce the ancillary revenue as a proportion of the interest in the quarter . and just on topical loan growth . it know that it have attribute that slightly low amount of loan growth in the first quarter relative to the past few quarter , just that some of the credit modification it make in the second half of last year , but it also want to ask to what extent weather pattern may play a factor in volume as well ? like it be just wonder , in the past , if it have see some variability in consumer lending activity , that could be explain by abnormally good or poor weather in the period in question ? Nik , it be Jason . no , it would not say that weather , in general , have much impact on the business . it have usual seasonal trend quarter - to - quarter , which be more a function of the state that people be at in it lifecycle throughout the year . for example , in the spring , it be prepare for summer . it have get extra expense like put summer tire back in the car , prepare for kid camp as it get out of school . in the fourth quarter , it have experience seasonal trend due to , obviously , the holiday season . but if it break down the quarter , it may have weather - relate matter on a particular day or a particular week , but by and large , that be not go to be material on growth in the quarter . the growth for it be really a function of the thing it mention one be the credit adjustment it make , which it feel be the right prudent choice to make , and while it be still a healthy growth quarter , it be a bit more moderate . it be also , of course , compare to 2018 , where it mention it have a number of initiative all come out in the same time , that make the seasonal pattern that it typically see a little bit more abnormal . so this year be lot more similar to year in past in term of how that growth would build throughout the year . and then it look like , if it be look at marketing spend , it look like it be a little bit low on a sequential basis , but arguably , a bit high than it typically would have be for the first quarter of the calendar year . just wonder , be that reflective of a change in the size of the budget relative to revenue , or be there some other consideration that may be factor into the decision to direct a little bit more that marketing spend into the first quarter ? so by and large , the total marketing spend will continue to hover around 4 % of revenue that it have in the past , but obviously , with the grow book , a grow revenue base , the absolute spend will continue to decline in proportion of revenue . this year , the only thing it think that shift the spend difference between the first and second quarter be to be slightly different than last year be a little bit of it mass medium campaign that it typically run in the spring start a little bit earlier . and so hit at the very end of the first quarter , that put a little bit of that mass medium spend into the first quarter , even though it be really broadly speak spring campaign . whereas it think last year , some of that mass medium do not actually quite begin until the second quarter , so it be a little bit of a timing difference between what it hit between those 2 quarter , but on amalgam , will still be in line with around the 4 % revolving target . it next question come from the line of Gary Ho from Desjardins Capital . maybe just a startup on the loan growth as well after Q1 . maybe Jason , like what would give it - what give it confidence that it will be able to hit it 2019 target and with that until some trade - off perhaps on the credit quality go forward ? no , it think if it look at the plan it have for the balance of the year in term of sale and marketing initiative , it look at the year prior to ' 18 and what be the normal seasonal trend that build the growth throughout the year . all of that in it view inspire to still give it confidence and the ability to hit the target . it prioritize the discipline around credit risk management . and so in no time would it envision loose credit quality and step backwards from it plan to progressively improve the credit performance of it book , at the sake of just drive the incremental growth . so now if it be concern about fall short of that target , it would not make the trade to sacrifice credit in exchange to even hit the growth number . it feel it have a plan where it can not only deliver improvement to the credit performance in the back half of the year , it can also achieve the target . and of course , as the next couple of quarter unfold , it will provide more clarity as it get more comfort . but the plan it have build be to very much still achieve all of those commercial target . and then maybe just on Quebec specifically . what would be the loss rate for Q1 be ? and it hear it correctly that the sequential change be down 300 basis point there ? that be right . yes . so it do not provide the loss rate detail at the provincial level , what it can tell it be as it know , at the third quarter , it first indicate that it do not see performance in line with what it be comfortable with . it have mention then that it have hit around 20 % . it mention that Q4 , it see a sequential decline . and then yes , it could - it hear that correctly , in Q1 , it see another sequential decline by about 300 basis point . so it can tell it that the Quebec portfolio be still perform high than the portfolio average , so there be still some work to be do . but the fact that it have see several quarter of sequential decline on the back of the first round of credit change it make couple with the new change it have just implement that it feel quite comfortable with , it continue to believe that that book can and will perform at the average of the portfolio and do provide still very good prospect for growth . and then just lastly , maybe more of an industry question . see that Fairstone recently complete an abs deal on the canadian market , it think it be just over $ 300 million . be that something management would entertain and be that something it have study ? and it imagine that would lower it cost of funding . ho , it be David . it be actually very enthused about see the success of that issue that Fairstone complete in the last few week . so it have also be look at other type of securitization vehicle for the structure way in which this one it have do be quite unique to it here in Canada . but it think it certainly give it more encouragement to see that there be some option that be available here in the market . it be clearly now a market of that type of structure . and it will continue to have ongoing dialogue with that bank and look at option that it can pursue later this year . it next question come from the line of Richard Roth from TD Securities . a quick follow up on the advertising expense question . be it still safe to assume that go forward , Q1 and Q3s will be the trough quarter for this line item ? it think that be correct , Richard . yes , generally speak , yes . and then on loan yield , so it have see another decline and it understand it explanation about increase risk adjustment loan and secured loan and high dollar loan . but this also appear to be systemic in nature . if it sort of run this out to the end of ' 19 , it seem to suggest that it be go to come in at good at the low end of it guidance range on loan yield . be that the right way to think of thing ? yes . so the yield it think for the target range this year be 49 % to 51 % . so although the first quarter come in at just above 50 % be already at the midpoint , it do think base on the way it build the plan this year , it will see the yield decline be far more slow and moderate than in the past . so by and large , it would just suspect that yield will be more flat for the next couple of quarter . and then for the full year , probably finish , yes , somewhere between the low end and the mid - point of the full year 's yield target . and then on the loan growth . so as it mention , it be a bit more modest this quarter than historically . give it guidance range , this imply that Q2 be probably go to be a very strong quarter for origination . be that correct ? and if so , do it see thing pan out thus far in Q2 consistent with that ? yes . so far , Q2 be up to a good start . it absolutely need to be a big quarter for origination and specifically net loan growth . and it believe it be off to a good start . so , yes . and then 1 final question on buyback . so it be look at it most recent buyback activity , and it be still active within the , call it mid to maybe slightly upper 40 range . do it sort of have an internal cap on where it see the value proposition sort of diminish from a buyback perspective ? like what price point ? yes , Rich , it be David . it stop the buying just as it go into a closed period . so it could be back in the market next week for continue purchasing . for it , it look at the intrinsic value of when , it think , the stock should trade and it look at , obviously , where it should issue , it be at $ 50.50 . so it have put in a self - impose cap at around $ 46 , $ 47 . it be go to continue to reassess that over the next week or so . there be still a gap between what it have purchase so far what the bank allow it to purchase to . so it think there be about 200,000 share to go . and if it take the aggregate of good thing it buy during the - just on the 700,000 share it repurchase , it be around just over $ 39 . so it be comfortable where it have be buy this about 20 % difference to where it have issue stock . but it self - impose cap have be at $ 46 to $ 47 . it next question come from the line of Brenna Phelan from Raymond James . so it want to start with the bad debt expense record in the quarter and the charge - off trend in the right direction look good , very consistent with it guidance , but the forward - look indicator be model adjustment . Can it just walk it through what specifically revision to forecast have the great impact ? and from here , be it now - be it now less sensitive to a " like deteriorate degree of forecast ? " how be it think about the overall provision comprise of the charge - off and that FLI - drive model , as it think of it bad debt expense come throughout the year ? Brenna , maybe it just want it to comment and then it will turn it over to Jason Appel as it relate to the FLIs . it mean , if it look at the actual provision rate in the quarter , it do go up around 18 basis point . if it look at the provision rate before the FLIs , it actually come down a little bit . so the fli ultimately drive the increase in the quarter . it will turn it over to Jason to give it a little bit more color on the specific of it . yes , Brenna . the major change quarter - over - quarter if it look at how Q4 come in be the run - up in the price of oil . as it know , the way the FLIs work in it pricing model as it disclose in the financial statement in MD&A , it be the change in the actual price of this case price versus the 1-year forecast . what transpire in the quarter as it see fairly significant run - up in the price of oil , but the 1-year forecast effectively that it use from the average of the 5 canadian bank , relate in change on that much and oil be a positively correlate very well in the model , so increase in the price of oil tend to be positively impact provision in a good way . but since the vast majority of that delta between the actual price of oil and the forecast that price of oil effectively nullify , that take a fairly significant hit in term of it overall impact on the FLIs . now to it comment around how it think about the FLIs go forward , it have be now do IFRS 9 report now since 2018 . when it build the FLI model that it use , it look at the historical period of how it portfolio perform a lot of variety in different canadian economic indicator , three of which as it know that it land on be unemployment inflation in the price of oil . it will likely revisit that model construct in Q2 , with the view to understand that whether or not those variable , and indeed whether or not other variable should be revisit or even swap in to understand how impactful it be in truly measure the default risk in the portfolio see as how it have have another 18 month of performance accrue since it build the original model . so it think go forward , it can expect this and it think other lender in Canada will follow a similar suit as it will continue to tweak and revisit how it build it fli model because like it , it be also subject to quarter - to - quarter volatility swing and that just refill a little bit of havoc in term of how it think about the portfolio go forward . so in the quarter , it anticipate come up with the new FLI model that it think will be just as predictive , but perhaps smooth out if it will some of the volatility that it have see over the last couple of quarter . it think the other thing it would add , Brenna , be it do take a look at all the disclosure from the bank , from this non - filing mortgage lender home , equitable , et cetera and it understand the FLIs . it be go to be - it be currently use will go in that datum and it thought process as it go through Q2 . just follow on a little bit . be there any differentiation in how it model and reflect those fli base on geographic location . like be it Alberta forward - look indicator - drive model more sensitive to the price of oil ? the answer be no . it be base on the book on block , it apply the FLIs . okay . and then turn ... yes , it think Brenna ... sorry , go ahead . sorry , Brenna . just to add 1 quick thing in term of the way the FLIs work in . the other important thing to remember be it be - the FLI influence be base on the delta between the actual and the forecast . so when there be a gap between the actual and the forecast , if the actual rise towards the forecast or decline towards the forecast that delta ultimately shrink . so in some period where that delta rise or the gap rise , there be an expense associate to that , but then in subsequent quarter as the gap narrow because the actual get close to the forecast then it get the reverse effect . and that be part of what create the volatility and so generally speak , when the actual be rise or decline toward the forecast unless the forecast continue to move outward at the same rate , it be go to see some of the give - back effect of those fli . and ultimately , it have reverse this . that be right . so it really do not know exactly what will happen in each quarter , but that be what be create some of that lumpiness . yes , understand . and then turn to the origination composition in the quarter . so big - well , pretty significant step up in the origination of the secure lending product . be that , it be still really happy with the credit quality , it think last year , it reference it outperform actually it initial expectation for credit loss there . Can it tell it how it view the outlook for that asset class go forward ? yes . so it continue to feel very good about that product . as it say , it have start to increase the emphasis on the growth of the product . it make a number of credit enhancement to the way it manage and underwrite the portfolio it - mid last year . those continue to perform well . the loss rate still be well than it expectation and continue to show great trend . and so it feel very good . it think it plan be to continue to see that product slowly and steadily become a more meaningful part of the portfolio . obviously , the fact that it only have about 20 % of it customer that be homeowner mean that put a bit of a sort of governor on what that can represent in the long term , but it can still be very meaningful and have be very good perform high - quality book . and to those loan generally come with an associate ancillary fee , no ? yes , it do . it do . the yield on those fee be low than the yield on the unsecured product , because it be large loan and well quality customer . the effective cost of it be small , but it be still healthy and produce good contribution to the margin of the product . and just as it turn it focus to some of the new initiative that it have discuss like the point of sale , auto , health care . how do it think about it advertising target spend , like what be it customer acquisition strategy ? be there any difference ? do it think the consistent credit adjudication model apply ? how should it be think about it enter those somewhat new channel ? so couple of comment , those be two question there it think . so first of all , the plan in term of how it will execute marketing be to continue to invest 4 % roughly of it revenue in marketing and brand awareness . so as it have do for last long number of year now , it believe that be the right and optimal level of investment in marketing and credit brand awareness , particularly in major advert campaign . and while some of those campaign do not always lead to an immediate response , it do create long term very healthy increase in brand awareness , and then produce part of it long - term growth . it think about the point - of - sale channel while those channel will create acquisition that do not really come with marketing and acquisition spend , it really just come with the origination . usually , the economic on the origination from point - of - sale generally be a little bit better , however , do benefit from the fact it acquire a customer a little bit cheap on the front - end and then have it for it full life where it can then cross - sell and upsell it in the other product . and so it will over time , be still very tiny today , it think become a very helpful and additive way to acquire customer . in term of it other part of that question around , well how do it deal with credit in that space , it provoke the in - store point - of - sale solution it build and the one it be in the progress of building , which be to be able to offer that same offering in e - commerce . the credit strategy be very , very similar . it leverage it own internal customer proprietary scoring model . what it have do , it start with a slightly high rate for credit tolerance . so be a bit more conservative with the credit risk it be prepared to take as it wade into that channel . so that be also part of why the growth from that new channel , like it have with other new product it have introduce be generally at the beginning , slow and take more time . be it consistent with it philosophy of wait and slowly test , gather datum and get comfort and so well , it use all the same credit modeling technique and strategy around evaluate credit affordability , it will be more conservative at the beginning until it get more comfortable and then it will lead to more meaningful revenue in future thereafter . [ Operator Instructions ] it have a question come from the line of John Sartz from Viking Capital Corp. it be just wonder , can it explain to it the delinquency ratio at 4.4 versus 4.5 and it be just wonder , how do it neutralize for growth in the loan book ? so the delinquency rate measure do not really neutralize for that . but as the delinquency measure really be just an inferior snapshot of what be the proportion of loan that be more than 1-day past due , but not yet charge off as a function of the average loan book . so it be really just a snapshot of a point in time . what it do track internally , which it do not put in it disclosure , but it do carefully monitor be the vintage performance . so actually look at cohort for loan , and how it be perform over time , that be the measure that primarily inform how it manage credit . but to it current around delinquency , it be not really adjust for any change in book growth , it be just a snapshot measure out of point in time and generally speak , over the last number of year , it have trend between that 4.5 % to 5 % range in term of the proportion of loan that be past due at any point in time . and of course , give the fact that it be difficult to be delinquent within the first month , it be - the growth , obviously , tend to reduce the delinquency number . yes , that be so - that be true , although it would say that if it look at the growth in it book as a percentage , as the book have get big over the last few year , it do mean that the percentage change of growth slow . and so as the percentage of the growth in the book be slow , a steady or decline delinquency and loss rate actually indicate it have to perform better in term of credit quality , otherwise to it point , it would otherwise see that metric rise . 