it comment today will cover second quarter result from 2019 compare to the same period a year ago , plus comment on it General Rate Case , it update capital expenditure and rate - base forecast and other financial update for SCE and EIX . as it have say , year - over - year comparison be difficult give the timing of the GRC . please turn to page 3 . for the second quarter 2019 , Edison International report core earning of $ 1.58 per share , an increase of $ 0.73 from the same period last year . from the table on the right - hand side , it will see that SCE have a positive $ 0.75 core EPS variance year - over - year . there be a few item that account for a majority of this variance . upon receipt of the 2018 GRC final decision in May , SCE record the retroactive 2018 impact , which increase core earning , primarily due to the application of the 2018 GRC final decision to revenue , depreciation and income tax expense . this GRC true - up contribute $ 0.20 of positive earning . additionally , high 2019 revenue have a positive impact of $ 0.34 , include $ 0.28 at the CPUC and $ 0.06 at FERC . FERC revenue be high primarily due to a change in estimate on the FERC formula rate mechanism . low O&M cost have a positive impact of $ 0.14 , primarily due to the timing of regulatory deferral relate to wildfire insurance and wildfire mitigation cost . during the quarter , certain wildfire mitigation cost reach the total authorize in GRC and it begin to defer incremental cost through approve memo account . finally , low depreciation and amortization have a positive $ 0.07 variance , primarily due to the impact of disallow historical capital expenditure and the change in depreciation rate from the adoption of the 2018 GRC final decision . for the quarter , EIX Parent and Other have a negative $ 0.02 core earning variance , mainly due to high interest expense . please turn to page 4 . for the first half of the year , Edison International core earning per share increase $ 0.56 to $ 2.21 per share . this include core earning increase of $ 0.55 at SCE and $ 0.01 at EIX Parent and Other . it be not go to review the year - to - date financial result in detail , but SCE 's earning analysis be largely consistent with second quarter result , except for high O&M cost and high net financing cost . O&M have a negative variance of $ 0.04 year - over - year , primarily due to high wildfire mitigation cost , partially offset by timing of regulatory deferral and cost recovery of wildfire insurance cost . net financing cost have a negative $ 0.09 variance , primarily due to increase borrowing and high interest on balance account . please turn to page 5 . as Pedro mention earlier , the CPUC approve a final decision in SCE 's 2018 GRC in May the decision authorize a CPUC GRC revenue requirement of $ 5.12 billion for 2018 and identify change to certain balance account , include the expansion of the Tax Accounting Memo Account , or TAMA , to include the impact of all difference between forecast and record tax expense . base on the 2018 GRC , SCE 's authorized revenue requirement be $ 5.45 billion in 2019 and $ 5.86 billion in 2020 , represent an increase of $ 335 million in 2019 and $ 412 million in 2020 . please turn to page 6 for SCE 's capital expenditure forecast . this forecast reflect plan CPUC jurisdictional spending as approve by the 2018 GRC . it also reflect significant other capital spending need outside of the GRC , particularly wildfire mitigation - relate capital expenditure under the Grid Safety and Resiliency Program , or gs&rp , and the wildfire mitigation plan , or WMP . as an update to it prior forecast , it now estimate approximately $ 390 million of wildfire - relate spending in 2019 . additionally , it continue to expect wildfire mitigation capital expenditure in the range of $ 500 million to $ 700 million for 2020 . the CPUC have approve the 2019 WMP and authorize tracking of cost relate to the GS&RP and the WMP through memorandum account . it have also propose a balancing account for it GS&RP spending and be anticipate a decision from the CPUC this year . under AB 1054 , SCE will not earn an equity return on the first approximately $ 1.6 billion of wildfire mitigation plan expenditure . it will work with the CPUC to implement this provision in light of the ongoing GS&RP and WMP proceeding . on Page 7 , it have it rate - base forecast that incorporate the GRC final decision as well as increase in FERC spend since the last update . the GRC authorize 2018 CPUC jurisdictional rate base of $ 22.3 billion . this correspond to total 2018 rate base of $ 28.5 billion . SCE 's rate base grow at a compound annual rate of 8.4 % from 2018 to 2020 . it would note that this current rate base forecast do not include any of it wildfire mitigation - relate capital spending or additional need for program such as Charge Ready 2 . on page 8 , it will see it key financial assumption and EIX core EPS guidance for 2019 . it revise EPS guidance range for 2019 be $ 4.61 to $ 4.81 per share with a midpoint of $ 4.71 . this compare with guidance of $ 4.72 to $ 4.92 per share it provide after it obtain a final decision on the GRC in May it would note that this revise guidance be relate to change to it financing plan as it project fund the $ 2.4 billion initial contribution to the wildfire fund , and there be no update to the overall operational result of both SCE and EIX Parent . on the left - hand side , it have show to build up for core EPS guidance , start with EPS for 2019 from the simplified rate base model . SCE variance be expect to have a positive impact of $ 0.41 , include $ 0.32 relate to financing and other operational item . the test year 2018 GRC true - up have a positive contribution to EPS of $ 0.20 . it book this contribution in the second quarter . for EIX Parent and Other , it expect an earning drag of $ 0.30 cent to $ 0.35 per share , which include approximately $ 0.01 per share per month relate to EIX operating expense . it be forecast a total of $ 0.18 of EPS dilution from the financing plan announce last quarter as well as the financing plan require to support the $ 2.4 billion contribution to the wildfire fund . it will discuss more about this in a minute . at Edison Energy , it be work towards it target of achieve a breakeven run rate for earning by the end of this year . let it provide an update on it 2019 financing plan . as Pedro note earlier , it have notify the commission of it commitment to provide the initial contribution and subsequent annual contribution to the wildfire fund . follow passage of AB 1054 , the rating agency have report on the credit supportive attribute of the wildfire fund and the legislation more broadly , include change to the cost recovery and prudency standard . on it last earning call , it discuss the component of a 2019 EIX financing plan , which include the issuance of $ 1 billion of hold company debt and $ 1.5 billion of common equity through an aftermarket , or ATM equity program , and the use of internal equity program . this plan be design to fund SCE 's requirement relate to the request increase in the authorized equity layer and additional growth investment of the utility . base on it election to participate in the wildfire insurance fund create under AB 1054 , SCE require an additional $ 2.4 billion to fund the initial shareholder contribution . fund for this contribution will be in addition to the previously announce plan and together , the combine financing need in 2019 be $ 4.9 billion . through the second quarter , EIX have issue $ 600 million of unsecured note as part of the original $ 1 billion debt financing need identify in Q1 . it have not yet issue any equity under it ATM program , but it intend to do so opportunistically . as it have discuss in the past , it overall approach to finance the business be to fund capital requirement in a balanced manner . it Q1 plan to fund the request increase in the authorized equity layer and make capital investment at SCE be consistent with this philosophy . likewise , this be how it will approach funding for the initial shareholder contribution to the wildfire fund . it be evaluate a range of potential EIX and SCE funding option to support the incremental $ 2.4 billion financing need and anticipate the permanent capital raise will likely utilize 50 % hold company equity contribute to SCE and 50 % operate company debt . as it have outline , it be focus on a balanced financing approach that maintain a healthy balance sheet and promote investment - grade rating at both SCE and EIX . it believe this be the most effective way to support operation and future capital investment . it will continue to share it financing need as it progress another milestone beyond 2019 , include the 2021 GRC , it Charge Ready 2 application , securitization activity relate to ab 1054 and potential wildfire liability . that conclude it remark . Dustin , please open the call for question . [ Operator Instructions ] . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . first question be from Julien Dumoulin - Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch . Julien Dumoulin - Smith Can it hear it ? Julien Dumoulin - Smith good . excellent . a little soft for the operator there , so it be not sure . all right . well ,  it again for all the detail here . maybe to just take it off . it just want to understand a little bit more on the timing for the combined financing of the $ 4.9 billion . how do it think about the ATM usage , especially against the timeline for the cost of capital case ? do it need to see an outcome on that front before it decide to move forward with the 1 5 [ ph ] ? and then separately relate here , just want to understand , as it think about the $ 2.4 billion wildfire fund , that as good it understand , it be exclude from the authorized capital structure . Can it talk about the decision to use the 50 - 50 funding for that versus just use more of the leverage capacity at the whole cut ? sure . so Julien , it think it really think about it as this be a total need for 2019 . so that include , both the Q1 item that it just remark on , equity layer , investment utility as well as the contribution to the wildfire fund . it be go to use the ATM opportunistically . it think it talk about that earlier in the year . that continue to be the case . it think the comment it make around the ability to exclude the amount from the authorized capital structure , it be obviously , contribute some equity down into SCE and it will issue some operate company debt . so that do take advantage of that element of the legislation . but overall , the mix of equity and debt that it talk about really reflect it philosophy around finance the business and the balanced way , in which it be approach at . Julien Dumoulin - Smith got it . but just to be clear about this , the $ 4.9 billion that be the intention to issue the equity for the cost of capital equity injection by the end of the year as well ? that be correct . it next question be from Praful Mehta from Citigroup . just to follow up a little bit on that . in term of the capital structure , if it do not get to 52 % , what happen in that case ? do it want to wait till it get to 52 % authorization before it issue ? or be there a prefunde plan as well ? so  , praful . this be Maria 's . so it talk about -- it think a little bit about this in Q1 obviously , with all the event that happen in Q2 it be probably a little bit more to digest . but the -- it plan be to watch the cost of capital proceeding as it go through the process over the course of the year . since Q1 , there be be -- there have be some development in term of issue a scoping memo , set a schedule , et cetera . obviously , Pedro mention earlier that it would also be think about the interplay between AB 1054 and it ROE request as well . so thing be move along , and it develop the plan to use the ATM to reflect the fact that it would watch that evolve over time . it continue to believe that it be go to use the ATM opportunistically to address that need as well as it be go to be look at all the tool and the timing frankly and option to fund the initial contribution to the wildfire fund . so that be , generally speak , the philosophy . got it . that be super helpful . and then just secondly , in term of -- connect to that , if it capital structure do improve , and it get to the 52 % , be that reflect in any of the number from a GRC perspective in term of the revenue and all of that ? or do it need to update that in it model to reflect the high capital equity layer ? so it mean , it do not know what be in it model but the earning would then reflect 52 % , not 48 % , which it have currently . so each year , it go in to the CPUC and it file the revenue requirement for the year . so it be the -- if 2020 and include a 52 % equity layer , it would update the revenue requirement for at that beginning of the year , same thing for ' 21 , et cetera . got it . so that decision and that -- it will show that revenue requirement once it file it depend on the decision from the CPUC ? that be correct . it next question be from Ali Agha from SunTrust . it first question . just to clarify , when it be think about it current equity need . so the $ 1.5 billion stay as be ? and if it assume 50 % of the $ 2.4 billion will also be equity , so it be early talk about $ 2.7 billion in total . one , it want to be clear . and then relate to that , have it check in with the rating agency , be it comfortable with that mix and the amount of incremental debt that be imply in this math ? so in response to it first question , Ali . the $ 1.5 billion relate to the equity layer request that it have into the CPUC . it have indicate sort of a 50 - 50 structure against the $ 2.4 billion contribution to wildfire fund , so that would be $ 1.2 billion . so yes , that be $ 2.7 billion . so it be confirm it math there . in term of the rating agency . it have an ongoing dialogue with it throughout the course of the year obviously , lot of dialogue around AB 1054 . it be pretty sure it have talk to --i spoke on the phone as well . and it have remark across the board , include in it publish report , about AB 1054 . all the credit support aspect that the wildfire insurance fund incorporate , the liquidity benefit , the cap , the standard for reasonable conduct . so it think that be be a very -- it have come out very strongly in favor of that . now it have just elect to contribute to the wildfire fund . so that be one of the thing that it have be look for . it have also be look for a safety certification . obviously , and Pedro just mention , that it get it safety certification today . so it think that , that -- all of that be the very supportive . and it believe now that it have all these thing in place , that the third leg of the school be the -- stool , rather , be the financing plan . and it believe that it financing plan align with the rating agency 's publish guidance around maintain it financial risk profile . and Ali , if it could just follow on with Maria here . as it develop that plan that Maria emphasize , the fact that it be a balanced plan , it be one that it think will preserve it financial health . and it be one that frankly it want to make sure that overtime continue to build the strength of the balance sheet and have a good shock absorber build into that . so as folk have be develop it model , it see report , and maybe , some folk may have think perhaps it be more or less that , et cetera . it want to take a balanced approach that allow it to build that strength and preserve some ability to always have some shock absorber in the system . got it . and a quick follow up . where do it stand on the ' 17 and ' 18 wildfire , which be obviously not cover in this ? and eventually be it think for model purpose that there may be more equity need as it have to pay for those liability sometimes in the future ? it do not think it have substantial update ' 17 and ' 18 from Q1 . recall that at the end of ' 18 , it take the accounting reserve for what it view as the low end of the estimable range of potential liability there . and it think as it have signal all along , this could be a long process as it work it way through the litigation effort in the court . there be always , of course , a possibility of party want to enter settlement discussion . it have return to talk about that . but just reflect the fact that as it have see case historically , it often end up with some attempt at that . so nothing to update at this point other than to reinforce that , it think that the reserve it take at the end of last year still make sense in term of refine low end of the estimable range . and that will take some time to work through a complex proceeding there . there be a number of legal milestone , et cetera , from week to week or month to month , but nothing that it feel be to level of materiality for these disclosure . it next question be from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research . Steven Fleishman so Pedro , a question for it just on it comment of careful implementation and potential future refinement be critical to the law of success . Could it maybe give a little more color on what it may be refer to with those comment ? sure . and yes , it think a number of it have hear it talk about the parallel to the energy crisis two decade ago . that also include in it be solution new legislation that setup a new framework . and then there be a period of time where the CPUC and other agency have to go implement the law . there be a lot of building block or Lego block , however it want to think about it , that have to come together in place here . now it need to -- it have already be , it think , encourage by see positive early step . the fact that it file for initial annual certification , safety certification , and already obtain that from the CPUC today . that be , it think , a good marker along the way . there will be many more marker . there will be the creation of the wildfire safety division , initially inside the CPUC , and then later on be move out to a new agency under the Natural Resources Branch of state government . there will be the creation of Wildfire Safety Board . there will be the input from those entity into future wildfire mitigation plan . so probably keep on recite the various term of the legislation and thing that where it will all , it think , once it see good implementation of those and good track record build . and will build , it think , the confidence that it , that investor , that customer , that community have in how the law be implement . it do not specify any specific potential future refinement , but the reality be that with any law that this be large and complex as this one -- and frankly , that be write and pass and sign by the governor with such a sense of urgency , which mean that the one that move quickly . there be often cleanup that need to be make , sometimes it can be small and sometimes it can be the less small , sometimes it be just a clarification of a construction of language , and then other time it may be -- maybe more significant thing . it be not ready at this point to enumerate a list of this , but it acknowledge that it be certainly very feasible that give the complexity and time involve here , there will be some of this . it do not know if that help it , Steve , to frame it answer to the question . Steven Fleishman yes . no , that be helpful . it have one follow up just on timing of financing . and just the -- it know the wildfire contribution be not due till September and the equity ratio decision not till year - end . but just -- it do have record stock market , it have very low interest rate and the like and it stock have bounce that leave some with this legislation . so just why would not it just get a lot of this financing off the table as soon as possible ? Steve , it be Maria . it obviously be watch the market . it want efficient execution . it be evaluate all the timing issue that it just raise . but that be what it be do right now . it be evaluate it . it next question be from Paul Fremont from Mizuho . congratulation on get the AB 1054 and get that all behind it . in term of how to think about the company on a long - term basis , be there a level of ffo - to - debt that it should be think that the company be go to be target as it move forward in time ? no . Paul , this be Maria . it think it be about the more as -- it do think that have investment - grade -- that be a process it have just go through over the past year or two , obviously , it have a strong commitment to investment - grade rating at both SCE and EIX . it be still work through a process with the rating agency in term of how it will think about and sort of reposition California from a strength of the regulatory construct , et cetera . so as it move through that , it think that -- keep in mind or it can understand it it will be target those investment - grade rating . it think the metric it be important , but equally important be how California look to the rating agency on a go - forward basis . so that meet the metric it , it think , will be less specific about that and it will just be focus on keep that investment - grade rating solid . okay . so it be not go to have like numerical target that it be go to provide to investor ? not at this time . no . and then go back to Ali 's question . in term of when it do pay out claim to claimant from the ' 17 and ' 18 fire , should it think about a funding formula that be similar to the sort of the 50 - 50 that it be talk about for it initial contribution to the wildfire mitigation fund ? or how should it think about it approach towards fund those cash need ? maybe think about it in a couple of three different way , first , there be not a lot of the variable that would need to be take into consideration . so post-2019 , it be refer to the wildfire liabilitie . but it be go to be file it 2021 GRC . there be the issue around the securitization for the wildfire mitigation - relate spending . that be in the AB 1054 . it have other application pende in front of the commission that also require capital . so there be a lot of thing to take into the mix or into consideration in addition to the liability . the first part of the liability be presumably get cover by insurance as a starting point in any event . so there be a lot of timing in there , there be a lot of different variable . Recall also that when it request it capital waiver , it ask for some relief around , include the charge and the financing for those potential liability in it capital structure . so there be a lot of different thing that it be go to have to weigh and consider before it make a final determination as to how it finance that part of the go - forward plan . and it would just settle the score that just those -- the timing of the liability alone be a significant variable because it will depend on a court process for different case that have only just begin . it guess what it be really try to get , be there any expect potential equity need beyond the $ 2.7 billion ? or be -- should it just think of the $ 2.7 billion as the end of it equity need ? the 2019 plan be only lay out . it think and as it just note , there be a lot of variable as it move past this year . and it be go to have to consider all of those variable . it be go to have to consider the timing that Pedro just note , not just on the potential liability but in all of the decision that it just refer to . so it think that , that be sort of a go - forward planning element that it will share with it with it have more information . it will continue to focus on it investment - grade rating . so that be the other piece of the mix in term of the decision - making process . it next question be from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie . Agnieszka Storozynski so it know it mention that there be go to be plenty of refinement of this new law . but it be -- it big concern be that it be $ 21 billion , which seem like a large amount . but it be go through the PG&E bankruptcy where it be mention $ 30 billion in liability relate to one very large fire , but still in excess of that amount . and the bill do not really talk about how this sum get replenish . so how should it think about it ? be it that go forward , the goal be still to have some sort of a inverse culmination change , which will be more supportive of investor on utility in the state ? or be it that there be hope that this $ 21 billion basically be sufficient for all utility and all future fire go forward ? yes . so let it start try to frame an answer here , and Maria or Adam Umanoff or other here may have thought to . it think for starter , the $ 21 billion fund be expect to cover potential liability that it could be much large . at least $ 40 billion , $ 45 billion . and that be , it think , base on the history of -- and how these case grow . it often see settlement achieve that have a discount build into it . in fact , the legislation it , as it may recall , have essentially build in discount for segregation claim of 40 % . it provide a possibility for settlement that be high , but those who need to be essentially approve by the fund manager . so there be , it think , a clear expectation , Angie , that there be a significant discount there . and frankly , that be part of the compact here across a lot of stakeholder and a lot of compete interest . it think the governor probably say it pretty well when it give it first -- it go to a conference call that it give when the strike force report come out . and if it recall correctly , it make a comment about everybody in California have to bear some share here in term of deal with this issue . so clearly , there be a piece that shareholder be now have to contribute , there be a piece of customer who be contribute and there be a piece that through the 40 % that be build in there , it be see a discount be apply to the recovery that the insurer would get . so it think it be a piece here for everybody . so it think that be the starting point . and in fact , the government -- the governor 's office team release some projection of the durability of the fund and those 10 year out exceed the 90 % level . so that be one piece of it . it think the second piece be that the focus on durability over 10 year on an actuarial basis be root at least in part in the discussion that it hear on the idea of give California and California Utilities time to continue to harden it assistance . and so the expectation be that the overall risk profile for the state , although it will never be zero , will never be zero , but that the risk profile should decrease , should improve significantly as all of it , the utility side , continue to put in investment to harden in it infrastructure . and it be not just it . it be other measure of the state be develop and implement around well funding for fire suppression , the focus on well standard for home and business and building in high fire risk area , the refinement of fire map . Angie , all of these thing be forest management , really important one , right ? so this all go to the decrease the risk of the spark come out , but if the spark come out , then decrease the risk of that spark turn into a massive wildfire of $ 30 billion - plus versus a maybe more contained wildfire . so it think that be the philosophy . it be right that there be not a specific replenishment mechanism in general for the fund . and it think there be a sense that there be a significant accomplishment by the governor and legislature in implement this first phase that have feasibility that be out and hopefully , decade or so . and it be sure the state will continue to check and adjust as it see how that experience go . it next question be from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs . Michael Lapides real quickly , be there a potential use of securitization to help cover the 2017 portion of the wildfire claim after insurance that it actually have to pay out ? yes . so the 2017 claim or wildfire be cover in SB 901 . and there , in 2017 , it can securitize the benefit of the customer if there be amount that have be disallow , but it be view as be -- would undermine the utility financial stability . the commission have go through a proceeding to define how that would work and what the -- how it would calculate the piece that would be basically too much for the utility to bear . that calculation , it would say , be one that be probably not an example of perfect clarity , but it be also something that it do not -- it think at the end of the day , it put it on to define particularly useful . it may recall that it say it before that it do not -- in really necessarily be in a position to take advantage of that 2017 provision . it do not really see securitization as a big opportunity for the ' 17 amount . the amount of wildfire mitigation - relate spending that it have to basically implement without a return . so it portion of the $ 5 billion that be in AB 1054 , that be something that be able to be securitize . Michael Lapides got it . but it would effectively net neutral on that ? Michael Lapides right . okay . typical securitization build , just like storm recovery occur in other jurisdiction , et cetera ? Michael Lapides okay . it second question be , what be not in rate base growth guidance that over the next 6 to 12 , 6 to 18 month it think should get -- potentially get add to it ? it talk a little bit it in the opening remark . if it do not mind revisit that , that would be great . it be just try to make sure kind of the put and take the item that be in it , the item that be not in it . sure . so 6 of 12 month frankly , Michael , be a fairly short time frame . so it be not sure of it that just will be necessarily add even the next 6 to 12 month . so what be not in the rate base forecast right now be , it have not include the wildfire mitigation - relate to spend that it have be identify for ' 19 and ' 20 . that be -- it be in it CapEx forecast , but not in it rate base forecast . that be go to be essentially subject to that AB 1054 provision it have to work with the commission to figure out how to implement that alongside it GS&RP and wildfire mitigation plan . but for clarification , it be not in it rate base number . it also have a Charge Ready 2 application pende in front of the commission . it be think it be go to get a decision on that later this year . it be about $ 560 million of capital or thereabout . but remember , that roll out over a number of year , so of the impact on rate base , even if it be spend CapEx , the impact on rate base over the next couple of year probably pretty moderate . long term , it be look at energy storage . at some point , CAISO will develop a plan to bring -- that meet the new -- the higher renewable portfolio standard and it have an opportunity potentially to participate in that mix . but those be not 6 to 12 month issue . those be long - term issue . Michael Lapides got it . okay . and on the cost of capital pocket , what be the time line and in process from here ? it mean , the CPUC have a lot of thing on it plate . it be just try to think about how it prosecute all of the item and kind of where this one fit in the prioritization ranking ? well , thus far , it have be very diligent about hold to it schedule . comment be due from intervener and from the utility on August 1 . and then it have a schedule on scope manual and schedule that have the decision come out before year - end . it next question from Greg Gordon from Evercore . just one follow - up question . when it come to the wildfire mitigation spending where it be not go to receive an equity return . before think about modeling , the spending and the recovery on that , should it presume that it will recover at a cost of debt return on 100 % of the investment and that it could finance it accordingly , such that there be no negative arbitrage to it -- on it financing cost relative to it ability to recover the capital ? or do it hear differently that essentially it would be sleeve and it would have no impact at all ? yes . so the way the legislation be draft be that it would basically be a securitization , so dedicated rate component that would allow it to recover the return of it capital , but then the return on the debt , which would be presumably low cost . so it be structure in a way to be minimize the cost to the customer . so yes , that would be neutral . it be -- it need to work with the commission to determine when those piece would fall into place so it would not -- essentially , it could be implement program before the securitization actually take -- be issue -- that be actually issue . so it have to figure out with the commission how it will implement it . but in sort of a like big picture kind of response would be , it be basically design to be neutral to it . okay . so it will get a recovery , essentially be a debt return , the debt that it issue will be recover dollar - for - dollar and then it will depreciate the asset and recover the capital it invest ? right . and then when it come to the -- it be raise this equity at the parent level to put down into SCE and it be go to issue debt at the SCE level to pay for the wildfire insurance contribution , what be the accounting for this ? be go to be a charge that it have to take that will go against the GAAP equity but -- it think for it understanding of the legislation be from a -- in term of account for it regulatory capital structure that this would -- these financing cost would not be count against it regulatory capital structure pre - make purpose . it be sit here try to model this stuff frankly , and it be just -- it could use some guidance . yes . so it be still evaluate the accounting for it , Greg , to be quite honest . it could be a charge but -- and certainly would not be more than the amount of the a contribution . but it be actually frankly still work through that in determine how it would account for that . that be the first question . so that be a GAAP kind of response . second part of it question be , yes , there could be a charge for GAAP purpose , but under the legislation , it would not have to take that hit in it regulatory accounting . okay . so if it be look to do side - by - side a GAAP sort of capital structure against regulatory , and it do presume that there be a charge , it would reverse the charge for regulatory purpose in it equity calculation ? that be correct . correct . it next question be from Travis Miller from MorningStar . just wonder how it think , real quick , about the dividend with respect to any kind of equity need . where do that fit in ? it think it understand the importance of the dividend to it shareholder , no question . obviously , from prior quarter when dividend question be caption in slightly different way or from a different angle . it do not get ahead of it Board on those issue . but it policy have be to grow the dividend . it will continue to manage over the long term to that 45 % , 55 % payout ratio range . but it understand the importance to it investor . okay . and then on the wildfire adder that it have request in the cost of the capital , how do it think about that now ? or how do it think the commission will think about that now post the legislation that presumably would lower it cost of equity in the market ? Travis , it think it mention in it remark , it be still evaluate that . it have say all along that if there be a new policy establish through legislation , it will look at revisit that for potential reduction or even the elimination depend on how the risk profile change . to be honest with it , it be still observe that quickly and evaluate that . and it believe it have a deadline come up of August 1 for file it comment in the cost of capital proceeding with CPUC . 