well as it say , the only thing well than a strong Q4 and a recur revenue model be follow it up with a strong q1 , and it Q1 result represent a great start to 2015 . it global interconnected platform continue to deliver strong gross and net booking and this drive leverage across each of it region . it key operating metric remain solid , such as net cabinet billing , MMR per cabinet and the MMR churn rate . and it interconnection trend remain very positive too , both nominally , but more importantly , the value that it bring to the health of it ecosystem . interconnection revenue now represent 17 % of it global recurring revenue , a 17 % year - over - year increase with strength across each of it region . also , it key operating margin continue to improve . each of it gross profit , cash gross profit , adjust EBITDA and operating profit experience a nice step - up this quarter . the result , a strong revenue pull - through and low than plan cost . it remain pleased with it performance , while consistent with it comment from the last earning call , it do plan to continue to invest in it go - to - market strategy and other key initiative through the end of this year . yet , give the success of the first quarter , as Steve will discuss shortly , it be now able to increase it adjust EBITDA guidance on a currency - neutral basis by $ 17 million for the year . so , one additional comment before it get into the earning slide ; it be very pleased to have complete it first quarter operate and report as a REIT and of course , this include the issuance of it first quarterly recur cash dividend . it continue to expect to receive it favorable plr in 2015 and look forward to share the news with it when receive . now move to the slide , as depict on slide four , global Q1 revenue be $ 643.2 million , up 1 % quarter - over - quarter and up 11 % over the same quarter last year . it be now in it 13th year of consecutive quarterly revenue growth . it revenue ' over - performance be due to a number of factor , include favorable net pricing action and high than expect custom installation activity . Q1 revenue , net of it FX hedge , absorb a $ 9.5 million negative currency impact when compare to the average FX rate last quarter and a $ 1.5 million negative currency impact when compare to it FX guidance rate . although currency volatility across all of it operating currency continue to cause significant FX headwind , it put in place net cash flow hedge cover great than 80 % of the value at risk relate to it EMEA operate currency . this provide for a smooth flight path into 2016 . global cash SG&A expense decrease to $ 145.3 million for the quarter , primarily due to low - than - plan advertising and promotion expense as well as the one - off sale commission expense incur in Q4 due to the change in it internal policy . it expect it cash SG&A expense on a quarterly basis to remain roughly flat for the rest of the year . global adjusted EBITDA be $ 305.7 million , up above the top end of it guidance range and up 17 % year - over - year . this be drive by strong - than - anticipate cash gross margin , the result of low - than - expect utility rate , and the favorable FX hedge in EMEA . it adjusted EBITDA margin be 48 % . it q1 adjust EBITDA performance , net of it FX hedge , reflect a negative $ 800,000 currency impact when compare to it average rate use last quarter , and a $ 3 million positive benefit when compare to it FX guidance range . global net income be $ 76.5 million or dilute earning per share of $ 1.34 , a strong step up from last quarter which be impact by the write - off of it defer tax asset due to the reconversion and a loss in debt extinguishment relate to it Q4 financing . it q1 operate cash flow increase over the prior quarter to $ 232.8 million , largely due to low cash interest and taxis , and a reduction in it net work capital position . it Q1 MMR churn be below it expectation of 1.9 % , although include ALOG it will be report 2 % . it continue to expect it quarterly MRR churn rate to be at the low end of it 2 % to 2.5 % guidance range over the remainder of the year . and one final note before it just discuss the regional performance . it non - financial metric sheet be now fully consolidated include ALOG , with one exception . it do not include alog revenue in it MRR per cabinet metric , give the level of manage service in the revenue line . also , as part of the Equinix Customer one initiative , it have upgrade and automate it inventory tracking system . also , it have globally standardize the cabinet equivalent definition and as a result it have update it cabinet bill by utilization at it MRR per cabinet metric , include the comparable period to incorporate this change . as it can see , this change leave it operating trend intact . now turn to slide five , it would like to start review it regional result begin with the Americas . the Americas have a strong revenue quarter , the result of favorable net pricing action , low - than - plan MRR churn and an 8 % quarter - over - quarter increase in it non - recur revenue , largely the result of increase custom installation activity . america adjust EBITDA be up 4 % over the prior quarter and 17 % year - over - year on a normalized and constant currency basis , largely due to strong cash gross margin offset in part by the high seasonal FICA charge . america interconnection revenue now represent 22 % of the region 's recur revenue , and it add 1,800 net cross - connect . Americas ' net cabinet billing increase by 1,200 in the quarter , and it add 85 exchange port in Q1 , which include the sale of it first six 100-gig port . now look at EMEA , please turn to slide six . EMEA deliver another strong quarter , with particular strength come from it dutch and german business , although FX continue to impact it as - report result . revenue be up 5 % quarter - over - quarter and 19 % year - over - year on a normalizing constant - currency basis . Adjusted EBITDA , on a normalizing constant - currency basis , be up 13 % over the prior quarter , and 28 % over the same quarter of last year largely due to a 17 % quarter - over - quarter decrease in SG&A , the result of a strong U.S. dollar and the $ 3 million hedge benefit . adjusted EBITDA margin increase to 46 % , although normalized for the FX benefit , adjust EBITDA margin would have be 44 % . due to strong traction in it cloud vertical , include momentum from it support of large cloud provider , like Azure and AWS , it have another solid quarter of cross - connect add 1,500 net cross - connect in the quarter . emea interconnection revenue represent 9 % of the region 's recur revenue . emea MRR per cabinet be up 2 % on a constant - currency basis . net cabinet billing increase by 900 . and now look at Asia - Pacific , please refer to slide seven . in Asia - Pacific , it have record gross and net booking this quarter . revenue be up 4 % over the prior quarter , and up 25 % over the same quarter last year on a normalizing constant - currency basis , drive by strong sale momentum in cloud and IT service , enterprise and network vertical . adjust EBITDA on a normalized and a constant - currency basis be up 6 % over the prior quarter , and 30 % over the same quarter last year , largely due to a 4 % decrease in Q1 SG&A , the result of a strong U.S. dollar and low - than - expect discretionary spending . adjusted EBITDA margin increase to 50 % . MRR per cabinet , on a constant - currency basis , be up 2 % quarter - over - quarter and cabinet billing increase by 900 over the prior quarter . it add a record 2,200 net cross - connect . interconnection revenue remain at 12 % of the region 's recur revenue . now as it continue to scale it apac business , it have eight expansion currently underway across six metro , include new phase of it newly open ibx in Melbourne and Singapore . also , give the success in the Sydney market , it be now proceed with the building of it Sydney 4 asset to capture this opportunity . and now look at the balance sheet , please refer to slide eight . it end the quarter with $ 1.1 billion of cash and it net debt remain consistent with the prior quarter . it net debt leverage ratio decrease slightly to 2.9 time it q1 annualize adjust EBITDA , the result of strong operate performance and a high - than - expect cash balance at the end of the quarter . a significant portion of this cash will be consume throughout the remainder of the year , largely from the payment of it quarterly dividend and special distribution , the funding of it capital expenditure , and the payment of liability on it balance sheet . it continue to have a tremendous strategic and operational flexibility build into it balance sheet and capital structure . this allow it to continue to plan for growth and meet the funding need for it shareholder distribution . now switch to AFFO and dividend on slide nine , for 2015 , it now expect AFFO to be great than $ 830 million , or grow 15 % on a constant currency basis , the benefit of a strong operating performance and a decrease in it plan net interest expense . it AFFO payout ratio decrease slightly to 46 % . also , as note previously , it pay it first regular cash dividend and expect to announce it q2 dividend shortly . important to note that the taxable income from the QRS part of the business ultimately drive the dividend payout requirement . as it may appreciate , there be not always a direct correlation between AFFO and it REIT taxable income . as an example , AFFO represent a global consolidated metric , whereas the REIT taxable income solely relate to it QRS entity . it continue to expect to distribute 100 % of it QRS 's taxable income . now look at capital expenditure , please refer to slide 10 . for the quarter , CapEx be $ 150.1 million , include recur capital expenditure of $ 22 million , low than it guidance range , primarily due to timing of cash payment . as present on the expansion tracking slide , it currently have 19 announce expansion project underway across the globe , of which 18 be cabinet build or incremental phase build on over 15 market . it continue to believe that spread it capital expenditure across multiple region in phase be the good way to invest in it growth . these 19 project will increase it current inventory by 10 % . it expect it recur CapEx to remain consistent with it prior expectation of $ 115 million . turn to slide 11 . the operate performance of it stabilize 76 global IBX and expansion project that have be open for more than one year continue to perform well . revenue be up 6 % year - over - year and it continue to enjoy healthy yield on the stabilize asset , reflect the premium value that be place on these asset . currently , these project generate a 33 % cash - on - cash return on the gross PP&E invest and be at 84 % utilize on it recalibrate available inventory capacity . so before hand the call back to Steve , it would like to remind it that it have append it supplemental financial and operating datum deck to the earning presentation start on slide 16 . there be a number of incremental disclosure include detail relate to how it segment it business between expansion and stabilize asset over it own and lease portfolio . of note , it will see that it cash gross profit grow 14 % over the prior year , it adjusted cash NOI increase 15 % over the prior year to 61 % , and it corporate cash SG&A as a percent of total revenue decrease to 9 % . and finally , it provide it with the key component to it NAV on slide 30 . so now , it will turn back the call to Steve . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director okay .  , Keith . let it know cover it 2015 outlook on slide 15 . for the second quarter of 2015 , it expect revenue to be in the range of $ 654 million to $ 658 million , which include $ 6 million of negative foreign currency impact compare to average Q1 2015 rate and normalize in constant currency growth of 3 % quarter - over - quarter . cash gross margin be expect to approximate 68 % to 69 % . Cash SG&A expense be expect to approximate $ 144 million to $ 148 million . adjusted EBITDA be expect to be between $ 304 million and $ 308 million , which include $ 5 million of negative foreign currency impact compare to average Q1 2015 rate . capital expenditure be expect to be $ 210 million to $ 220 million , which include approximately $ 30 million of recur capital expenditure . for the full year of 2015 , it be raise revenue to be great than $ 2.635 billion or a 13 % year - over - year growth rate on a normalized and constant currency basis . this guidance include $ 25 million of negative foreign currency impact compare to prior guidance rate . exclude this negative impact , the revise revenue be a $ 30 million increase compare to it prior guidance . total year cash gross margin be expect to approximate 69 % . Cash SG&A expense be expect to approximate $ 580 million to $ 600 million . it be raise it adjusted EBITDA guidance to be great than $ 1.23 billion or a 47 % adjust EBITDA margin . this guidance include $ 7 million of negative foreign currency impact compare to prior guidance rate . exclude this negative impact , the revise adjust EBITDA be a $ 17 million increase compare to prior guidance . it expect adjust fund from operation to be great than $ 830 million , a 15 % constant currency growth year - over - year , effectively a $ 26 million raise adjust for currency . it expect 2015 capital expenditure to range between $ 740 million and $ 800 million , which include $ 115 million of recur capital expenditure . so in closing , it strong result this quarter reflect the continue strength and momentum in it business . the global reach of Platform Equinix along with unparalleled network and cloud density and thriving business ecosystem position it to solve the many challenge face by today 's cio . the strength and uniqueness of it global platform be translate into solid operating performance and the importance of it reach be evidence by the rapid growth of customer deploy across multiple metro and region . it disciplined execution of it strategy continue to drive momentum as it strike a balance between revenue growth , margin expansion , yield and attractive return on it invest capital . so , let it stop here and open it up for question . so , it will turn it over to it , Leslie . question - and - answer session  it . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . and it have it first question come from the line of Amir Rozwadowski from Barclays . Sir , it line be open . Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc.  it very much and good afternoon , folk . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc. it be wonder if it could talk a bit about sort of margin progression here . it mean obviously , there be be a lot of put and take : the conversion to the REIT reinvestment and support channel expansion . obviously , if it look at particularly on adjusted basis with it EBITDA guidance there be a tick - up in expectation . just try to think about sort of how the long term progress margin be particularly when it look at sort of where it long term target be and how it should think about the trajectory and the ability to get that level ? Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer it think it be a great question , Amir . it mean so , most fundamentally it be very much commit as a company to drive towards it 50 % EBITDA margin target or well and clearly , it show a little bit of momentum when it issue it guidance at the first part of this year assume when it adjust for currency . and then come out of the first quarter , it be able to moderate that up slightly as well . so very pleased with the direction in which it be go . it would tell it though as it sort of step back , Q2 – in it comment it say , look , SG&A it should expect it to be relatively flat quarter - over - quarter . so , as a result , what it think it be go to get as it sort of progress through the year absent some of the timing issue that it be go to see in Q2 be a bias towards an upward trend through the latter part of fiscal year 2015 . and that position it very good as it go into 2016 . it only comment would then be to continue to look at and assess where it need to make investment and to the extent that it can create value and further the business opportunity it have in front of it , it will continue to make those investment . so it do not want to pre - commit to where 2016 will be , but suffice it to say the direction be very , very positive as it exit 2015 . Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc. so perhaps a quick follow - up there ; if it think about 2016 then from a directional perspective , give some of the move factor that have impact it folk in – or expect to impact it folk in 2015 , should it expect that sort of directional upward bias ? Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer it certainly believe there be an upward bias , but again it want to reserve the right similar to what it do this year . it take some of the money that it be go – that it be in fact save from the REIT project and it decide to put it back into the business because it make infinite sense to go invest in it go - to - market strategy and all the component around that . again , as it look into 2016 , it will make that decision as it get close to time but it message to it would be right now there be an upward bias as it exit the year . Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital , Inc.  it very much for the incremental color .  it . and it have the next question come from the line of Jonathan Schildkraut . Sir , it line be open . Jonathan Schildkraut - Evercore ISI good evening .  for take the question , two if it may . first , in term of the revenue outlook for the year , give the 1Q report in the midpoint of the 2q guide imply a fairly slow ramp in the third quarter and fourth quarter , it do not know , maybe $ 11 million or $ 12 million sequential net revenue growth . so it be just wonder if there be any sort of churn or other thing in that number as it look out the remainder of the year that should – that it should be aware of ? and then as a second question , it have have another strong quarter of booking here , and it be wonder if it may update it on sort of it visibility , level of confidence and so look into the future , commencement lag , thing like that , that allow it to raise the guide for the remainder of the year ?  . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer good question , Jonathan , let it take the first one and then it will perhaps pass it to Steve or Charles for the second . it think first and foremost when it look at it guide for Q2 on a revenue basis , when it adjust for currency , so take out the benefit of the hedge that be sit in revenue in Q1 and it adjust for basically the forward exchange rate , it be look at about a 3 % quarter - over - quarter increase . and so it be happy with where it sit with q2 . as it look into Q3 and Q4 similar to what – as it come out of last year , it be less comfortable in predict the amount of non - recur activity that it have in the latter half of the year . and that be what it experience this quarter . part of the reason for the over - performance be it see – it do more non - recur activity than originally anticipate . and it would tell it that it hold that – it be hold that path forward , sort of bypass through for the latter part of the year as well . that couple with the fact that there be some seasonality in , just in it booking activity . so there be a little bit of churn that it know that be forthcoming and yet it feel very comfortable with the 2 % to 2.5 % range and probably bias more towards again the low end of the range , but relative to where it have come from it will have slightly more elevated churn in the latter part of the year base on what it see . and then the last part be just timing , timing of when it install , and there be a recognition as it roll out it global , it global system . like anything , that can create some level of drag and it be just be a little bit conservative right now , until it actually roll those out and start operate it , if it will , with those new system . Americas be May ; Europe be go to be in the July timeframe , and so it be go to go through that implementation cycle . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and Jonathan , let it start and Charles may have some comment here to add on to this . but on the booking question and visibility , as it hear from the comment today and from the previous quarter , it have have a very good start , strong start to 2015 . and it see the result in increase top - line guidance for 13 % year - on - year constant currency growth . and across all the industry vertical it be see very good activity . it have get good coverage ratio . the pipeline be strong . it be hold yield across all three region . the impact of the investment that it have be talk about with channel professional service , the innovation that it marketing team be do with it product , the enterprise awareness activity , the sale enablement stuff , so all the investment that be bundle into that $ 20 million message it give it last quarter , be all take hold , and it can see the result show up across all industry vertical . so , Charles , it may have a comment or two to add to that ? Charles J. Meyers - Chief Operating Officer no . it think it hit most of the key one from it perspective . it would say that one of the thing that be not evident ; it do make some adjustment to it sale structure and territory alignment and account allocation in the first quarter , which inevitably create a little bit of drag . and yet , it think it power through that , deliver strong result . and the objective of that alignment be really to ensure that it continue to capture the momentum that it be see in the cloud ecosystem overall , both on the supply side with cloud service provider , and on the demand side , if it will , or the buy side with enterprise . and those two vertical be generate about 60 % of it new logo , continue strong momentum in booking and new win there , and as Steve say , the key metric like funnel size , conversion , rep productivity , book - to - bill interval , all look solid . Jonathan Schildkraut - Evercore ISI  for take the question , guy . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer  , Jonathan . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director  , Jonathan .  it . it have it next question come from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley . Sir , it line be open . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC great .  so much , and  a lot for the new disclosure . it be very helpful . it be look at page 25 , the same - store operating performance and it have break out the stabilize and expansion . as it mention earlier , the stabilize return on gross PP&E be 33 % . the expansion be 19 % , up from 15 % , a nice year - over - year improvement . perhaps it could just talk it through how the 19 % evolve over time . be that tie to utilization and be it reasonable to think that that become 33 % over – or something else , four year or five year in , get up to that sort of stabilize level ? so any color around that would be great . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer Simon , just so it be make sure that it and it be look at the same thing , so when it be look at the percent growth year - over - year , when it talk about the 19 % in the expansion , be that what it want it to refer to ? Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC it be the cash return on gross PP&E , the last column on that page . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer okay . okay . generally from it perspective , it think there be a couple of thing . clearly , as it think about it stabilize asset , again those be asset that have be – all phase have be open for more than one year , and effectively that one year for it be January 1 – start January 1 , 2014 , look at that relative to the expansion activity . it sense be when it think about expansion , because an expansion could be two , three and , in some case , four more phase , it can appreciate that the net sort of the drag , if it will , perhaps take on that full obligation whether it be a lease , whether it be the land and other related cost . until it get more to more fully utilize , it be not go to get the economic return that it be look for relative to a stabilize asset . so as a result , this be a path , if it will , that be very consistent with it expectation , recognize there be a relatively large portfolio of asset . there be 31 asset in the expansion bucket . it be go to be at all different level of delivery , if it will . and so probably leave it with it , it think it be go to see that number move up and towards the 33 % as it continue to pass time and then fully utilize those asset . and the other thing it would leave it with be the team have do a very good job over the year recognize stabilize asset be only 84 % utilize , the team do a very good job of optimize the asset . so not only do it continue to expect the expansion to move up , quite openly it also expect the stabilize to move up into the right as well . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC great . that be helpful .  it . Charles J. Meyers - Chief Operating Officer yeah , the only color it may add to it , Simon , be that it think there be – if it look at the mix of the stabilize asset group there and the expansion asset group there , there would certainly be no reason to believe that the long - term performance would be meaningfully different since it be likely to have similar mix . and so it be just a matter in some case if it be very large , large - scale project , it may take a long period because it be multi - phase of investment but would trend towards that endpoint . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  it . and it have it next question come from the line of David Barden from Bank of America . Sir , it line be open . David W. Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch hey , guy . good quarter .  for take the question . it guess two if it could . just , Keith , number one on the dividend , obviously it do not see the QRS or kind of have a picture of where the growth trajectory for the QRS which be go to fuel the dividend growth be . Could it kind of address what it should be expect on that front and whether it have an appetite to reflect the QRS growth in a quarterly or annual fashion in the dividend ? and then the second question on the balance sheet , it have dip now below the long term leverage target ; if it go back to the midpoint , it could buy back 5 % of the stock . it have be very cautious about use the balance sheet as it kind of go into the reprocess , because there be obviously reason to kind of be cautious and keep dry powder , but what can it expect Equinix be go to do for shareholder in term of use that balance sheet on a go - forward basis ?  . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer two very good question , David . let it start with the dividend . it think first and foremost , as it know , when it issue it dividend at roughly $ 1.69 per share on a quarterly basis and it say annualize that at $ 6.76 per share , or roughly a 3 % yield where the stock be trade at the time , and so it be very , very comfortable with that , recognize this be the transitional year for it as a company , transition in the sense that it be be very mindful of the asset that should be inside the q and those asset that sit outside in the t , primarily to limit the amount of taxis it pay and certainly at the same time meet the REIT requirement . so what it would like to leave it with at least for 2015 be right now make the assumption at least for next quarter that it be go to hold thing stable . as it look forward , as it think a little bit about the asset that sit outside of the q , so it have Canada , Australia , Singapore , and Hong Kong , which be the big four , that be go to give it the flexibility to change , if it will , the dynamic in what that dividend will be , in addition though to effect the growth . it be fair to say that a lot of the asset , particularly Europe , which most of Europe sit inside the Q , that be go to continue to grow . and as it say on a currency adjust basis it grow 19 % this quarter over same quarter last year , and all of last year grow at 21 % over the prior year . so it be very confident and comfortable that it think that there be go to be good , if it will , growth in the q , so that that allow it to continue to manage , if it will , the dividend on a go - forward basis . as it relate to balance sheet , it be absolutely right . it be – it sort of anticipate that this question may be forthcoming . part of the reason it put in disclosure be that a good portion of the cash that sit on the balance sheet , the $ 1.1 billion , just from what it see today a good portion of that be go to get fully consume . and that be effectively – it consume almost – for all intent and purpose , that reflect one turn , if it will , of net leverage . and so from it perspective , if it consume that capital , which it – or cash , which it intend to , it leverage be go to get into a much more , it will get within the guidance range that it have share with it . and then the last piece it would tell it be to the extent it always – it be fair to say it always think of high and good use of it capital , and right now give the success that it be see in the business , if anything it be go to see more of a bias towards continue to invest in it future , which mean invest more in the capital expenditure side of the equation and less about maybe some of the other alternative it could use with the cash . David W. Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch great .  , Keith . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer  it . and it next question be come from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi . Sir , it line be open . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) hi .  for take the question . just two if it could , one follow - up and an additional question . so when it be talk about it think the utilization of the stabilize asset and the opportunity to increase utilization on the expansion asset , where do it see the long - term utilization for stabilize asset ? what be the mature level that it think on average each asset can get to ? and then secondly , if it could talk a little bit more – at the beginning of the call , it think , Steve , it mention that part of the revenue growth in the quarter be base on some favorable pricing . it be curious if it can go into little bit more depth as to where it see the pricing and maybe what be different about this quarter maybe relative to the last few quarter in term of the pricing commentary ?  it . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer so let it take the first one , then it will pass it to Steve and Charles for the second one . as it relate to stabilize asset , right now as it say it be at 84 % utilize . it think for all intent and purpose it would target between it think 90 % or great , and realistically somewhere between 90 % and 95 % be a realistic assumption that it should be able to drive it utilization level to . it think that be an area of comfort , Michael , that over a period of time recognize some of these asset it be very selective in how it fill it up . and what it mean by that , if it be a network dense asset and it do not have a lot of incremental capacity , it be willing to let that asset sit there for a period of time look for the right customer with the right application to go into that asset . and so once it get there , it think it be reasonable to assume it be 90%-plus utilize . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and on the revenue growth and favorable pricing , Mike , it will just give it a little color , and maybe Keith and Charles may have something to add . but it mention in it comment in the beginning that yield across all region continue to be strong , and actually , it global yield be up $ 40 or 2 % quarter - on - quarter on a constant currency basis . so that be roughly 0.5 % in the Americas , 2 % in Asia and Europe , so pretty strong pricing in the region , primarily because of the focus that it sale and marketing team have on target specific workload and focus it value proposition around that type of application workload . and as – historically as it have always mention , blend in with that , where appropriate it be pursue large magnetic footprint that be help the overall ecosystem value . and it should expect it to continue to compete for those , that will advance it cloud agenda , but generally speak it be do a very good job of qualify and bring the right type of workload into the right location , and that be serve it very well from a churn perspective and that be serve it very well from a MRR per cab , and it expect it to remain firm , go forward . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) all right .  it . and it next question be from Jonathan Atkin from RBC . Sir , it line be open . Jonathan Atkin - RBC Capital Markets LLC yes . it wonder if it could comment on M&A , just give some of the recent news around ( 47:04 - 47:09 ) and then , think about kind of the European Telecity Interxion situation . any reaction from it customer , any commercial change that it be see ( 47:18 - 47:23 ) ? Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Jonathan , it do not hear all of that . it think it have the gist of it question , which be to comment on M&A and the activity it see around the world . be that the gist of it ? Jonathan Atkin - RBC Capital Markets LLC yeah . M&A , and then specifically whether it european business be see any impact from the pende deal go on in Europe between Interxion and Telecity . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah , sure . sure . it will start and maybe Charles , it may – if it have anything to add , please jump in here . fair to say , guy , that it have it eye on the same consolidating activity that it be all read about in it industry . it be still focus , as it mention last quarter , on it inorganic strategy to extend it current leadership position around cloud and network density , secondly around scale it platform , and then third around enhance it interconnection position . so it be always evaluate option to accomplish those three objective , and it will continue to do that . and if there be a transaction that may complement that strategy and create significant shareholder value , it should feel confident that it will consider it . but in term of it Europe business , it be continue to be very pleased with what be go over there . and it result off last quarter and certainly this quarter , as it mention in previous call , it business in Europe grow 21 % last year . and on a first quarter year - on - year basis grow 19 % in this first quarter . so it european business , because it be connect to a global platform , be grow faster than the broad EU market . and as it also hear it have significant momentum on interconnection in Europe . so all in all , yes , it be watch this stuff and it business in Europe it be very happy with . Jonathan Atkin - RBC Capital Markets LLC and then on the cloud growth , it be interested , be that become more indexed towards top five global platform ? or be that more diversified or become more diversified to small cloud operation ? Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Charles , do it want ... Charles J. Meyers - Chief Operating Officer it will take that , Steve . it think it be a combination of those thing . it certainly see strong momentum with it would say the top six to eight cloud provider that it think it would immediately think of . and it be – most of it be deploy now with it in anywhere from 8 to 16-plus market around the world . and it be see significant activity , not only in it deployment but it think more excitingly cross - connect activity and Cloud Exchange activity drive interconnection back to those cloud from within it facility , which be really the essence of the sort of build the cloud ecosystem . and so – but then it also be really see good new logo capture and growth with exist new logo in a bit more of the long tail around cloud service provider in a variety of form . and so it think it be both , and it think both be really critically important because it think that what it be see be that those big magnet like an Azure or an AWS be often the catalyst for somebody to say , yes , it need high bandwidth secure connectivity into these cloud provider as it begin to move workload into the cloud . but then it – as it evolve it hybrid cloud it really want access to a much broad range of cloud service as quickly and cost - effectively as possible and the ability to seamlessly and efficiently move workload across various cloud provider . so both see good momentum and both critical to long - term health of the ecosystem . Jonathan Atkin - RBC Capital Markets LLC  it very much . all right .  it . and it have it last question come from the line of Tim Horan from Oppenheimer . Sir , it line be open . Tim K. Horan - Oppenheimer & Co. , Inc. ( Broker )  , guy . do it expect the average size of the customer to keep get – maybe start get small at this point as it move more to the enterprise market ? it seem like it have kind of focused on the major cloud provider the last couple year , build up the cloud exchange and , correct it if it be wrong , but it be assume enterprise be now start to use it guy to connect to these exchange . and it guess have it hit the tipping point with enterprise ?  . Charles J. Meyers - Chief Operating Officer yeah , it will start , Steve , and if it or Keith want to jump in . it would say yes . it think that the business will trend that way over time . it would not say it have reach a tipping point per se in that it think it have a lot – be in the very early innings of enterprise adoption of hybrid cloud . but again , it be see good momentum . it lighthouse account be show very strong land - and - expand type performance with some of it key customer , start with two to three location and rapidly expand in it Performance Hub implementation to 6 , 10 , even 20 site . and so what it think it will see be an extremely favorable trend for it , which be average deal size for a new – or average implementation size perhaps trend somewhat down , although balance in part by the fact that it be go to continue to selectively pursue strategic large footprint type activity where it be really accretive to the strategy . but it think , it will see average implementation size trend down as it really gain some traction in the enterprise , both through it direct force and it channel . but interestingly , it think that the – it will begin – it will be able to grow those customer over time and so see the average billing volume for a customer continue to be strong . so it do think it will see that trend . it think it be a very favorable trend potentially for it yield over time . but it think it be still very early day . Tim K. Horan - Oppenheimer & Co. , Inc. ( Broker )  it . it still have a next question come from the line of Mike McCormack from Jefferies . Sir , it line be open . Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC hey , guy .  . maybe , Keith , just a clarification on some of the cost be bring into Q2 , which it be assume be in the guide . but the utility , the discretionary spend , and the merit increase , it assume that be all part of the guidance , the $ 308 million ? and then secondly , the interest expense decrease and revise capital interest , can it just give it a little more clarity on that ? Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer sure . yeah , Mike , it be dead on . just as it look to Q2 , so not only do it have the merit increase that take effect in March , so it see that , if it will , the cost associate with that move into Q2 and beyond , it have all the new head count , so all the – of the new hire . then it have a high utility line come in in Q2 as well . as it know , typically from a seasonal perspective , it high cost of utility come in the second quarter and the third quarter in the Americas region . and so it be absorb roughly another , if it memory serve , it be another $ 6 million to $ 8 million of utility in the second quarter relative to what it be go to spend in Q1 . and then there be – it be continue to progress with it integration of the alog investment . and so it spend about $ 1 million in Q1 on the alog integration and so it expect to spend more in Q2 also with the rollout of it eco initiative . all that to say be there be some timing and , therefore , that be why it see – despite that it see some step down cost that it have in Q1 will be replace with cost that it just talk about in Q2 . and then it think that it can hold it SG&A relatively flat for the rest of the year . as it relate then to just the net interest expense it reference to the fact that there be a certain amount of interest that get capitalize into it asset and it be roughly a $ 12 million change from what it previously disclose . and because of that , although it see an improve AFFO the real value of the AFFO increase at this stage of the game be the improved operating performance . $ 10 million be really to capitalization and that , of course , that have no meaning . even though it AFFO payout ratio go down , there be no fundamental shift that really take place because that capitalize interest it get treat differently for tax purpose . so that be the primary reason for the interest step down . Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC okay .  , guy . Keith D. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer  it . and it very last question come from the line of Colby Synesael from Cowen & Company . Sir , it line be open . Colby a. Synesael - Cowen & Co. LLC great .  it for fit it in . so it just want to talk about the competitive landscape for a moment . it seem like there be just a lot go on , whether it be some of the wholesale guy try to offer more retail product , everybody it guess to some degree try to offer some form of interconnection whether it be with open IX or it own exchange , increase demand it seem like for colocation facility in Tier 2 market , even meter power to some degree seem to squeeze into the sub-500 kW type deal . it be wonder if it could just comment on what if any impact it be see from some of these trend that it just mention . and then the second thing be as customer do start to ask for more flexibility in what it want from it , whether it be in term of what it would refer to as wholesale space or big space or perhaps even different power requirement , be it go to require that it start to be more flexible in how it build it facility ? and could that over time change the cost on a per megawatt basis that it be invest when it build out a facility ?  . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it be see all those thing , Colby . Charles , do it want to take a crack and it will ... Charles J. Meyers - Chief Operating Officer yeah . it will jump in , it guy can add color . it be right . Steve 's absolutely right . it be see all those thing at some level , although what it would argue be that continue – it have say over and over again it be focus on get the right application , right customer with the right application into the right asset . and that really center around this sort of ecosystem - centric strategy . and so it think if it be discipline in that strategy it think that it see that the dynamic of the – some of the competitive thing that it be – that it reference have a much less or more marginal impact on it business . it think that it be right , certainly wholesaler – some of the wholesaler be indicate a desire to – and offer small footprint and begin to dabble in the retail space . as it have say on a number of call before , the requirement to operate a world - class at - scale retail business and the investment necessary to do that be substantial . and it think what it be find be that customer who really need the application performance , the global reach , the mission critical reliability for these retail - type application be typically choose Equinix base on the superior value deliver . and so while it think there be probably some , as it have say , minor overlap between it business in term of workload that could be pursue by those type of player , if it be consistent and discipline in it strategy it think it be see relatively limited impact . it mention open IX and a broad desire for people to talk about it and try to offer interconnection . it think that be also true , but it think the substance that it see in the market as compare to the hype and the pr , it see a big difference between those thing . and it think it feel very confident that it have a – the interconnection portfolio in term of both offer and reach that really be deliver the value to customer . so again , it see very limited impact there . in fact , the momentum continue in it ix , it Internet Exchange offering . it have sell more port in the last four quarter than it do in the last several year , and really continue to see incredible strength in that market . so customer be kind of vote with it wallet . so – and then to the last question about be it need to and it desire to at least be able to in a target way pursue large footprint opportunity that it think be strategic control point , do that modify the way it think about it facility ? it would say yes to some degree , but that and a number of other factor have it constantly revisit whether or not the design of it facility and it ability to implement a flexible architecture and one where it can match capital spend as quickly and as closely to demand as possible , that be always an objective of the business . and so it definitely have resource . and in fact , have increase the number of resource it have spend look at that opportunity . and it think it will continue to evolve the offer to be as just - in - time as possible and as flexible as possible to meet the range of requirement that it customer be ask for . Stephen M. Smith - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah .  , Charles . Colby , that be very thorough . and it – the only thing it would add to that to – it be a great question because there be a lot of activity go on . it think , as it say in the comment in the beginning today , it strategy be work , it see the result from the firm yield and the other metric , interconnection continue to grow , it feel like it be execute on all the right item , so it should expect it to continue this , more of the same . 