as it read in today ’s press release , it be lower it 2015 CapEx forecast by $ 150 million to reflect the midpoint of it negotiate service cost reduction that it publish in it March analyst presentation . base on these reduce service cost , it expect it average cost per well to be between 10 % and 15 % less than last year . if weak commodity price persist , it believe there could be more opportunity to cut cost , but for now , it think 10 % to 15 % be a reasonable expectation . also in response to weak oil price , it have decide to suspend drilling in the permian Basin which be already reduce to drill the minimum number of well to hold certain lease . as a result , it will lose it development right to approximately 700 Upper Wolfcamp acre . it ’ always a tough decision to let lease expire , but it think in this environment , that ’ a prudent economic decision . move on to it dry gas Utica well , as it know , it spud this Greene County well in November . during the drilling of the curve , it encounter high than expect reservoir pressure , and base on the pressure observe , it need to significantly increase it mud weight , which require a large rig . it deploy the large rig in March and complete the drilling of the well with a final lateral length of 3,300 foot . it be currently run some reservoir test and expect to begin frace in early June . despite this timing setback , it continue to be excite and optimistic about the dry gas utica potential beneath it acreage . upon completion of the Greene County well , it plan to drill a deep Utica well in Wetzel County , West Virginia later this year . since it still do not have any result from it first well , it will not speculate about those result , but it will provide it with update as it learn more . it would now turn the call over to Dave Porges for it comment .  it , Steve . give the straightforward result for the quarter , it will limit it prepared remark to an update on two previously announce project . let it cover the Master Limited Partnership first , the new one . as it discuss in February , it decide to take public a new vehicle that will own all of EQT ’s interest in EQT Midstream Partners or EQM . this mean the new vehicle , whose New York Stock Exchange symbol be expect to be EQGP , will own EQT ’s general partner or GP interest , include the incentive distribution right , and it will also own the 22 million EQM limited partner unit own by EQT . on February 12 , it file the initial draft S-1 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission . it receive comment from the SEC on the draft and incorporate it into a revise S-1 , which be file on April 1 . this be an iterative process of review by the SEC and response by it so it can not accurately predict the timing of a final S-1 , but it reiterate it hope to be ready for an initial public offering of EQGP by about midyear . now for an update on the Mountain Valley Pipeline or MVP , in the first quarter , MVP announce the addition of WGL Holdings and Vega Energy Partners , a WGL subsidiary , to the joint venture . as it have previously discuss , this project will be build and operate by EQT Midstream Partners . EQM ’s ownership interest in the JV be 55 % . NextERA own 35 % and WGL and it subsidiary own 10 % . in addition to it ownership stake , WGL will be a shipper on the pipeline and have also agree to purchase 500 million cubic foot per day of natural gas price at Transco station 165 . it believe this further validate the demand market ’s desire to access the abundant Marcellus and Utica supply resource . eqt shareholder will benefit in two way from this project . first , it will provide EQT production access to one of the fastest - grow gas consumption market in the United States . and second , it will provide cash flow growth at the MLP , which add to the value of it GP and LP interest . in conclusion , EQT be commit to increase the value of it vast resource by intelligently accelerate the monetization of it reserve and other opportunity . it have a very strong balance sheet which will allow it to continue to be focus on do what it can to increase the value of it share . it look forward to continue to execute on it commitment to it shareholder and appreciate it continued support . with that , it would like to turn the call back over to Pat Kane again .  it , Dave . this conclude the comment portion of the call . Danny , can it now open the line for question ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it will take it first question from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust . Steve , for it and the guy , it mention obviously for the service cost , it know it take the CapEx down considerably . Could it talk a little bit , it look also like LOE it be down considerably and then on a go forward , it appear to be – what be it do in that category to continue to bring that down so nicely ? Steven Schlotterbeck it think it ’ just more of the same , Neal . production continue to increase at a much fast pace than the cost require to maintain that production . so it do not think there ’ anything in particular it would point to other than just continue try to manage it water cost as best it can . that ’ probably the one area that it focus a lot of attention on and it ’ a pretty high cost area relative to the other and be an area that ’ continue to prove how it handle it water will help it continue to keep it unit cost in line . it know it ’ early , obviously , on that Utica well drill , and obviously a bit away from the one it be go to drill in the west . it be just wonder , on a big scope , Steve , any thought on – because it be so early on the dry Utica , what that could mean as far as allocate capital dollar ? at this time , as it see it for at least the next 12 month , the bulk even as it expect as it be about the dry gas , the bulk be still go to be in Marcellus and then , if so , be it continue to target sort of a concentrated area there or how be it tackle that now ? Steven Schlotterbeck it think it view there , Neal , be this year will certainly be a year of test the Utica . so it have drill it first well . the second well will be in Wetzel County . it could potentially drill up to four additional well this year depend on timing and what it see . but regardless , this year it will be test . it think a good bit of next year it will still be gather datum before it will be in a position to even make a decision about reallocate capital between Marcellus and Utica . and it think the driver there will be , regardless of the IPs , which clearly it peer have have some pretty impressive ip , it be certainly hopeful it will as well , it need to define what the type curve , the decline curve look like to really understand the economic . and it think it view be it will be a minimum of a year ’s worth of actual production datum before it will have enough comfort to shift any significant amount of capital away from Marcellus into Utica , assume that indication be that the economic be similar or hopefully well . one last one , if it could . probably for Dave , as far as , obviously , after the drop down , Dave , and even prior , it guy have if not the good , one of the good financial position out there today , certainly in the – not just the East Coast , but really in the universe out there . acquisition - wise , it know it guy continue , with Steve and it group , continue to look at everything . be it open to add in the East ? Would it consider add another basin ? when it look at – it guess it have two question around this . give the financial position , be it more apt to do acquisition these day ? and then secondly , if so , or even if not , would it like to stay in the same basin or would it go somewhere else ? it do not think it would characterize it perspective as be more interested in an acquisition because of it financial situation . it be execute the transaction it be with the Midstream because it think it ’ the good way to create value . it ’ the money , as it have say multiple time , be not burn a hole in it pocket . with that say , it do recognize that this could be an opportunity to acquire , and it would say really in core area would be the priority if the opportunity present it at value that recognize the depressed commodity price environment . so it think it kind of answer it second question too , which be ... it next question be from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital . specifically , could it give it some color on CapEx ? obviously , the number have come down and maybe a little bit of color on where it have see the reduction really come in , be it backdating contract with a specific service there ? and then as a follow on to that , will it be comfortable at any point in time if it do see service cost continue to come down to actually use that money and put it in the ground , or do it just feel comfortable enough just building – put the cash balance at this point ? Steven Schlotterbeck it think the – because the big line item in it drilling cost be pump service , that ’ what really drive that number more than anything . it would say a few of it contract have be backdate a little bit , but for the most part , most of it have be pull forward from the time it negotiate the low cost , so most of that be prospective . the one line item it will comment on in the opposite direction be it rig cost , it day rate . Most of it rig be under long term contract that do not expire this year . so it have relatively little leverage in that area . so it lack of leverage be reflect in that 10 % to 15 % estimate . if soft price continue into next year and the year after , it will be in a position to benefit from low rig cost , but for now , it be not . it think it plan right now regard redeployment of that capital be to keep it on the balance sheet . it think in this low - price environment and the growth rate it be expect , it be in a pretty good spot and do not feel compel just because it will have some extra money to run out and spend it just because it have it . so for now , it will stay on the balance sheet and it will revisit that periodically as commodity price move . maybe if it could rephrase the question , what price do it think on the forward curve it would take for incremental capital to be spend to start to become interesting ? that ’ hard to say . it just really look at the economic . actually , it would say the one benefit it get though of have the cash on the balance sheet be , unlike what it , infer be the case of the number of it peer , it will obviously have the financial flexibility to revise it program upward if the economic improve as oppose to if it live in hand to mouth experience where it have to wait until the money start roll in . in it case , the money be already there . so really it be just the judgment about the prospective economic . but it really have not come up with new sense of a magic price at which it would revise upward . it ’ just something that it really look at pretty frequently . Dave , what would it sense it – with these reduce well cost because of service come down , service cost come down , what be the after - tax breakeven price to get a 10 % rate of return today on it core acreage ? Pat ’ already look to find the right page in the right presentation . and it probably want to refer it to that because it do not – as it know , it think , it do not just look at it as core acreage . it tend to differentiate between Southwestern PA versus Northern West Virginia wet , Northern West Virginia dry , et cetera . those be the category it use . Pat , it be happy for it to [ indiscernible ] . Hanold , it do not know what the 10 % return would be , but if it look at the Southwest PA , which be one of the two core area , the other be Northern West Virginia wet . southwest PA at $ 2.50 realize price would give it an 18 % after - tax return . and Southwest – or Northern West Virginia wet would be 24 % at $ 2.50 realize price . so the return be still quite good even at today ’s price . be that today ’s service cost that it be state it those number on ? yes . that include the service cost reduction . from Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Company it have Michael Rowe . it just want to talk to it real quickly about the production guidance change , understand it ’ only about 1 % increase at the midpoint , but have anything change with respect to completion timing on it 2015 program , or well perform better than expect ? it be just try to tie it capex reduction in February which be activity - drive with the production guidance increase this morning ? Steven Schlotterbeck it think for the most part , it ’ just drive by – it have one quarter under it belt , so the range of possible outcome narrow with the first quarter be ahead of it original guidance . so it think that should be expect to be reflect in raise the low end of guidance up . so that ’ what it do . it think well performance continue to improve . so there ’ a little bit of that . but it ’ mostly just around certainty have be a quarter of the year in the bag . it have a good NGL realization relative to WTI at about 46 % . this look in line with what it experience in Q1 of last year . so be it reasonable to assume NGL realization should moderate closer to the low 30 on a percentage basis relative to WTI as it enter q2 through Q4 of this year ? Steven Schlotterbeck it do not know that it have a particular view on that . but when it be look at percentage also it do need to be a bit careful to make sure that it be look at NGLs the same way . it mean , as it know , generally speak , when it be think ngl , it be think C3s and above be what it be actually sell , right ? the rest of the ethane , generally speak , it should assume be be sell as methane . and there be some folk who be sell ethane as ethane . it would obviously have a low percentage if it be make the calculation that way . that say it be not sure that it have a particular forecast , any great insight into what be go on in the NGL market any more than anybody else would have . maybe one last one , if it can , just it talk a little bit about type well economic and the update one that it all have in it March presentation . Can it just remind it what the differential it have bake into those be ? be that just it outlook on basis differential at that point in time when it run the calculation ? so whenever it show there be irr , it be use the local price . so it ’ not really take an assumption of a differential . it ’ the local price . so if it be look at $ 2.50 local price , that could be $ 3.59 minus $ 1 dollar diff , or $ 3 and then with minus $ 0.50 . it next question be from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley . want to follow up on the dry gas Utica . it want to make sure it have that lateral length right , so can it just repeat that for it , and give the challenge that it have in the drilling portion , it wonder if that change it expectation of cost at least for the drilling portion go forward ? Steven Schlotterbeck the lateral length be 3,300 foot . and it think it expectation be while it do have a lot of challenge , it do not think it change it long - term view of the cost other than maybe a little bit on the mud side . so the mud cost will probably be a bit more expensive since it have to use heavy mud than it would have originally think . it think everything else , over time , there will be a learn curve . it will take it probably several well to get the cost in line with where it think it will be long term . maybe the one additional color it will add that maybe be on the positive side , although right now it ’ a theory , not practice , be on the proppant where – for it first couple of well it be go to use ceramic proppant , which be quite a bit more expensive than sand . it look like it ’ go to run about $ 100,000 per stage or $ 2.5 million for a typical well to use ceramic versus sand . it reservoir engineering at this point be suggest that it may be possible to use sand in these well . so that will be something it be test , probably not in these first two well , but in subsequent well . so that ’ some positive news from it end in term of what the long - term development cost for deep Utica will be on it acreage . it be sorry , just a follow - up to that , be that 3,300 foot the original lateral length it have plan ? Steven Schlotterbeck it have plan anywhere from 3,000 to 4,500 . so it internal discussion be it need 3,000 to get the reservoir test it really want , which be the purpose of this well , it will go as far as 4,500 . it have room to , but really the guidance to the drilling team be get 3,000 , and at that point any hint of a problem and it be go to call it and TD the well and move on , because really the whole goal of this well be to test the reservoir and it can do that with a 3,300-foot lateral . and so it be not that it have significant drilling issue and that it think it would not be able to drill the full lateral length ? it be enough to the test the reservoir . Steven Schlotterbeck it be . it have a lot of difficulty on this well and the cost be pretty high . and when it get to 3,300 foot , there be some indication that more problem could be develop . and it just do not want to take – once it have the 3,000 foot , it do not see any reason to take any additional risk , put the well bore at risk where it may not even be able to complete it , so that ’ when it call it at 3,300 . okay . and the last one and then it will leave the Utica alone . be that $ 2.5 million incremental completion cost bake into it original well cost estimate ? Steven Schlotterbeck well , it original one , yes . if it look in it investor presentation , it have a pretty wide range of $ 12 million to $ 17 million . the $ 12 million be close to what it would hope long - term it could do if it can use sand . and the $ 17 million be sort of a bad - case scenario with ceramic and account for other unknown . but yes , it do have the $ 2.5 million in it original thought . okay . and then on the Midstream side , it guy obviously have a big beat on third - party recovery . Can it give it a sense of what portion be relate to sell firm that it do not need versus other uplift ? Randall Crawford sure . the majority of it be actually move to higher - price market to sell it gas , and a small percentage be really on the overall capacity , because , as it know it manage it overall portfolio to maximize it price . and so it commercial team do an excellent job and it make those decision daily as to whether to move it product or release the capacity to move to another market . but overall , the whole driver be really the realize price for it production . from JPMorgan it have Joe Allman . just a couple income statement question , it notice that exploration expense be up . be that from dry hole expense or G&A or something else ? it ’ not dry hole expense , it ’ some lease impairment in the Permian that Steve talk about . a small amount of it be also relate to the lease impairment in Ohio Utica . G&A also increase in the production business , can it talk about that ? some of it ’ just the natural growth in the production business , but it lay out several expense and it mention in it comment that be , it guess , it would call unusual , and it have adjust it out in some of the table in the release this morning . it be about $ 13 million of expense like that relate to the rig release in the permian Basin . it do take a further impairment on Ohio Utica value and then there be some casing that it will not be able to use . that be in case and it write down as well . so thing like that . and that total to about $ 13 million in the SG&A line . lastly , just in term of the rig count and the term of those rig it mention earlier that it be not get the leverage of low service cost fully because of the long - term rig contract , could it describe the number of rig and the term of those contract ? Steven Schlotterbeck typically those contract be three or four - year contract . Most of those be one or two year in . it think it have one or two in 2016 that will come up , so those would be the first – that ’ the first opportunity it really have to lower those cost . 