2018 be another transformational year for Diamondback . it successfully close three large acquisition in the fourth quarter , include it acquisition of Energen , which combine nearly double it core acreage position . Diamondback now have over 364,000 net acre in the core of the Midland and Delaware Basin along with another 96,000 net acre of Permian Assets , the majority of which be on the Central Basin platform which it be work to the good as part of it grow permian Strategy . diamondback grow production 53 % year - over - year without give the effect to the Energen merger , and exit the year produce over 250,000 boe per day in December after close the merger . it reserve be up almost 200 % year - over - year to just shy of 1 billion barrel of oil equivalent and it organic reserve replacement ratio for 2019 be over 450 % . drill bit F&D be essentially flat year - over - year at $ 7.28 a barrel improve develop F&D be $ 10.44 , highlight the combination of it acreage quality and capital efficient cost structure . commodity price decline dramatically in the fourth quarter and as a result of this volatility Diamondback outspent the cash flow for the quarter . this be against it core operate philosophy and it react as quickly as possible after close the merger by announce a reduction in activity for 2019 and subsequently drop three operate drilling rig and two completion crew over the course of the last two month . move to 2019 , it trim it capital budget versus previously describe expectation in December and it still expect to grow production 27 % year - over - year while also pay that 50 % large dividend than it do in 2018 , all within operate cash flow . as Michael explain in detail later on in it call , it be realize more synergy faster than expect after close the Energen merger , all of which be reflect in it capital budget and project operating cost in 2019 . lastly , it be actively work on drop down the remain mineral and royalty asset hold at the Diamondback level to Viper and expect to do so at some point in 2019 . with these comment now complete , it will turn the call over to Mike .  it , Travis . turn to slide 8 through 10 , it give an early time update on both the primary and secondary synergy present when it announce it merger with Energen last August . the high value primary synergy present during the merger announcement be a reduction to Midland Basin well cost . base on the midpoint of it 2019 cost per complete lateral foot guidance for the Midland Basin of $ 785 , Diamondback expect to save $ 215 per foot versus Energen ’s second quarter 2018 actual cost , or over 95 % of what it expect to achieve per foot by early 2020 in the merger presentation . this savings be not only attribute to the immediate implementation of Diamondback good practice on Energen acreage , but also due to some efficiency the Diamondback team have learn , and implement from Legacy Energen good practice . also the benefit of size , scale and buy power on service cost have be great than originally anticipate . run these saving through 40 % of it Midland Basin well count for the year , result in almost $ 150 million in capital saving . in the Delaware Basin , it be see enough improvement to move what be originally a secondary synergy into the primary synergy bucket . in 2019 , it expect to save between $ 55 $ 60 for complete lateral foot , versus actual Energen well cost , most primarily due to multi well pad , long lateral , completion and casing design , as well as the cost benefit realize associate with large scale . overall , it expect Delaware Basin well cost to decrease by almost 7 % versus 2018 . again , due to improved efficiency , completion design and service call concession . as also see on page 8 , Diamondback have realize all of the expect $ 30 million to $ 40 million of G&A synergy earlier than anticipate , which be fully reflect in it 2019 guidance . look ahead , it have line of sight of even more combined , capital , operating , midstream and mineral synergy and it look forward to update the synergy scorecard with these initiative in progress . with these comment now complete , it will turn the call over to Tracy .  it , Mike . Diamondback ’s fourth quarter 2018 net income be $ 2.50 per diluted share and it net income adjust for non - cash derivative , and other item be $ 1.21 per diluted share . it consolidated adjust EBITDA for the quarter be $ 468 million and it cash operating cost be $ 8.10 per BOE , include LOE of $ 4.51 and cash G&A of $ 0.67 per BOE . during the quarter , Diamondback spend $ 424 on drilling completion and non - operated property and $ 101 million on infrastructure and midstream . for the year end 2018 , it spend $ 1.4 billion on drilling completion and non - operated property and $ 306 million on infrastructure in midstream . Diamondback end the fourth quarter of 2018 with $ 192 million in standalone cash , and approximately $ 1.5 billion of outstanding borrowing under it revolving credit facility , result in 700 million of liquidity . finally , Diamondback ’s Board of Directors have declare a cash dividend for the fourth quarter of $ 0.125 per common share payable on February 28 , 2019 to shareholder of record at the close of business on February 21st 2019 . operator , please open the line for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of John Nelson with Goldman Sachs . it line be open .  and congratulation to the team on the velocity of synergy capture . quite impressive .  it , John . start , maybe Travis , with it view on share repurchase in the capital peck order and in particular it share count be up about 70 % . it stock be down about 20 % in the last year . so with that in mind just curious how the company think about share repurchase , both with potential monetization proceed as well as 20:20 free cash flow . yes certainly John it be key to get to that point first , before it have meaningful conversation with Wall Street , exactly on what it be go to do . but it think , what it have signal in the past be that shareholder friendly initiative such as share repurchase , continue focus on increase the dividend , all of those thing be within it bandwidth of what it can do in the form of return cash to it investor . and as it progress through 2019 , and start see the focus on 2020 , and in the significant free cash flow generation that be go to occur then , it think that be a more appropriate time . but , it have commit to continue to grow the dividend , and continue to focus on the shareholder friendly initiative . fair enough . and then second question it think the original guidance target something around $ 50 wti to be kind of cash flow neutral . it be a bit above that on kind of strip today . it guess philosophically , the company go to continue to target a $ 50 type commodity price or would it all average potentially if oil price remain a bit strong ? no , it think at this point , John it know it have get a pretty good long term strategy lay out at $ 50 a barrel and it think as commodity price improve back half of this year maybe into 2020 it could look at -- look at it to perhaps add one to two rig in 2020 and beyond with this significant free cash flow it be talk about . but it think , the point that it make in it December call , which represent a strategic pivot for Diamondback specifically , address the waiver free cash flow that be come , that the pivot be that it be not go to redeploy that all back into the ground . it be go to start return that -- start return that to it shareholder . and it begin that again this year by increase it dividend as well . so that be the pivot that it have that -- it have make and it be and it be commit to continue to look at that even as commodity price improve .  . congrat again on the quarter . great .  it , John . it next question come from the line of Derrick Whitfield with Stifel . it line be open . Derrick Whitfield  .  all , and congrat on a strong quarter and outlook .  , Derrick . Derrick Whitfield perhaps for Travis , with regard to it secondary and other synergy , would it be fair to think that those synergy could exceed 2 million in aggregate ? it put a scorecard together , and it be what it call it synergy scorecard . it be on slide 8 of it investor deck , and it be go to continue to lean into deliver all the synergy that it describe in the acquisition call there in August . and look , it be optimistic that it can continue to improve on all of these metric . it have talk about in it prepared comment , that it be work on a dropdown from the back to Viper and the midstream asset be all roll in . so these be all those secondary synergy that it have already get tremendous traction behind deliver on those in 2019 . but it be go to -- it be go to continue to update the market on this synergy scorecard and as these thing materialize it will look forward to tell a really good story around these additional synergy above and beyond what it talk about in August . yes , it think what be important Derrick be that it base the trade on the merger with Energen on the cost synergy and the execution side of the business . and the other synergy mention , mineral and midstream be really more on the financial side . so it predicate the deal on the execution and operation side and that ’ where it be most focused on today . Derrick Whitfield great . and then , shift over to the Delaware regard the Bone Spring shale well that it guy announce in Pecos , that be a particularly strong well give the decline attribute of that interval . how do that result change it view on capital allocation to the area if at all ? well , it be certainly excited about that and the reason it be excited be that be a zone or a couple zone it do not inscribe any value to the original Delaware acquisition . so , it be excited that it be see really good positive result . and it be go to be cautious , it mean , as it further define that zone , but it think it probably get a half a dozen or so on the drill schedule this year and it will monitor result . and just like it always do it will react quickly if it get great return of those zone , it will allocate more dollar to the high rate of return stuff . so , it be good news all around . it ’ good news because it be unrecognized upside that it be now bring to the table and it be a good news for it inventory count in Pecos County . Derrick Whitfield great .  for take it question and a very strong update .  it , Derrick .  it . it next question come from the line of Neal Dingmann with SunTrust . it line be open .  , all . Travis , it mean , it first question be around the infrastructure spend . Could it talk a bit just in the sort of guide it have for this year . it know it have a bit of a -- it think for -- in last year bit of a high infrastructure spend . and how it see that trendy now on the FANG corporate - wide go forward ? yes , Neal , it will take this one . it infra spend and midstream spend be go to be $ 400 million to $ 450 million for 2019 . infrastructure be a bit high on the battery side . if it be do big pad and it be drill in area that have no exist well . it mean , that be a one of the primary reason it do the Energen trade , be how much completely undeveloped acreage it have and result in it mean to build a lot more battery than expect . the midstream budget should decline over time and hopefully that ’ in a separate business go forward . but overall probably 60 % , 65 % first half wait on the total infrastructure and midstream spend and then 40 % in the back half for the year . great deal . and then , Travis , just overall question , it mention in the press release about obviously refrain from outspende cash flow enough to be one of the first two to adjust the plan . it guess , when it look at this plan , it mean , how do it sort of balance ? it definitely appreciate that . but how do it balance that with more just sort of the continuity or stability of it plan versus change that rig count or that activity more frequent to keep balance that ? well , it have get to make sure it do not interrupt the efficiency of the Diamondback machine . that be one thing that the Diamondback be really known for , be it really outstanding execution . and so it can not disrupt the machine . but by that same token , Neal , it can not outspend cash flow either . it have not do that for four year , but it have an aberration in the fourth quarter last year . it be – it just part of how it run business . and it would have actually drop activity quicker in the fourth quarter last year , but it be on multiwell pad and that make no sense at all to stop – finish – to stop completion on a mid -- run on a mid multiwell pad . so , it take that into account and it typically do not see that from the outside look in . but it be committed to the capital discipline . this be a mantra that it be demonstrate since the OPEC announcement in the fall of 2014 and the subsequent price collapse . that be Diamondback , that be what it be know for . very good .  it .  it . the next question come from the line of Gail Nicholson with Stephens . it line be open .  . just look at LOE and kind of it thought on how that will trend around 2019 ? and then outside of the potential sale of the Central Basin Platform . be there other thing that it be work on to further improve LOE in the future kind of next 24 aspect ? yes . Gail , it will let Mike answer that question , but it have hear it say before until someone actually play this to produce these barrel it be go to always lean into it LOE and try to make that low tomorrow versus what it be today . so , it will let Mike to give it the real answer to that . but it always focus on LOE . absolutely , Gail . again , it be attack it on two front , again volume , increase health as well . but a lot of it be on the dollar that it spend . so again bring Energen and Diamondback together , it have do a really good job of grab synergy and find way to do thing better , so there be area and thing that it have learn from the Energen folk , that it be implement today , as well as the other way around . so , what it hope to see be a low gross dollar amount spend as well as a grow production volume . so , to kind of give it an idea the Central Basin Platform account for about $ 0.50 of it LOE today . so again assume a sale of the Central Basin Platform that would come off of it guide . but on a go - forward basis again , it be go to be a nice slow drop in LOE , assume it can implement all of the initiative that it be work on today . great . and then just look at the potential drop down into Viper , when it look at Diamondback 's ownership in Viper , be there a appropriate level that it guy want to maintain on a go - forward basis ? yes , Gail . it think it be fair to assume that Diamondback own 59 % of Viper , it certainly enjoy own as much of that business as possible . and if the parent company be generate free cash flow , it do not see a need for the parent company to take back cash in any transaction there . so , certainly it think Diamondback be look to increase it ownership and Viper post the drop down . great . and just one last one , several quarter ago it guy bring up the Limelight prospect and do some appraisal activity in 2019 . it be just kind of curious how that fit into the portfolio today ? yes . it be probably go to test it sometime in the middle of this year . great .  , guy . it next question come from the line of Asit Sen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . it line be open .  .  . so it have two question , one on synergy . Mike , it think it mention about increase buy power and just wonder now that it be more scale could it talk about specific incremental effort on the supply chain , rebidde contract etcetera ? and then , how it be think differently about the mix of long - term and short - term contract ? that be from it first question . absolutely . so , again , when it look at the two entity apart , it go through and it do not use all of the same service and vendor as well . so it go through and grab whichever one appear to have the well quality , service and price and it initially do that day one and swap out some service on both the Diamondback and Energen side . again with the size and scale , it have see a large change in price associate with the decrease in commodity price that it have see , so it have go back in actually bid a large package , it have see an increase in that , that change in what it be get charge . again , it be a hard number to tie down , so it have go back to the vendor and business partner and ask if it be just Diamondback stand - alone what be that difference . and it look like it be roughly -- of the change , roughly 20 % of that change be what it be see for size and scale . now , as far as how long it plan on tie up service , again , right now , it keep just like it do on any other thing it hedge , it keep a hedge book of what it have long - term contract with and what it have more of a well - to - well . but in general , it be look at six month to a year on most thing . okay .  . and , Travis , as a big picture question , as the industry move more toward manufacturing style , where do it see use of technology and what be it most excited about ? in last quarter , it talk about dual fuel operation in one of the rig in Delaware , could it perhaps update it on the economic benefit it be see so far in plan go forward ? yes . it will let Mike talk specifically about it dual fuel operation , but listen , technology in it industry in particular any manufacturing business can have a chance to make a huge impact to the efficiency of the operation and it think that that be go to happen inside it industry as more and more advanced technology come to bear . and those thing be whether it be the way that it transport fluid , the transport medium , the actual proppant , the technology which it steer these well in zone , the real - time feedback and all the way up to artificial intelligence , these be all thing that it believe be go to make a large change in the efficiency of the manufacturing process call produce and drill for barrel out here in the Permian . it will let Mike answer the dual fuel question . so Asit , the dual fuel it be currently run two frac fleet . so dual fuel , it have it believe five rig currently run dual fuel . so again , where it make sense , where it have the availability and the equipment already convert , it be make those move any where it make sense to do it today . on the implementation of new technology , of course , it use real - time datum analytic on the drilling side , the completion side , basically all of the thing Travis mention a second ago , the answer be yes on all of those from how it be do it processing of it seismic datum to how it steer complete and land these well . so , the answer be yes , it be see a fast change of progress today than it have have in the last decade or two , which be what it would expect . but it see great thing come , it be not go to guide to any of those change because it do not have it here today , but it be very hopeful for what be come . appreciate the color .  .  it . it next question come from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy . it line be open . good .  . maybe a high - level question , it mean , it have -- over the last couple of quarter it talk that it have get -- it have shift it focus somewhat toward great free cash flow generation . how do it think about a target for -- long - term target for free cash flow generation at this point ? be it reasonable for it to move toward the free cash flow yield that be competitive with the broad market ? and how do it think about the timing of how that play out whether it make a conscious effort toward it or whether it just happen organically within the portfolio ? it be really both it mean it be go to happen . it have make a conscious effort to do so and that be why it pare back activity to increase it cash flow , but it be also go to be happen organically , as it continue to look into the future . it mean , as it mention in some early comment 2020 and beyond it probably will add one to two rig , but it will still be in the process of generate significant free cash flow and that be what really have it excited about this new company that it have combine with Energen as -- just really that significant free cash flow generation that start in 2020 and beyond ?  . maybe as a follow - up to that , it mean , historically it have be a material consolidator in the basin and a very successful consolidator . it mean , how would it characterize and it know it just close the deal , but M&A appetite and the M&A environment at this point . and previously , it have comment how to use the free cash would allow it to potentially use some of that cash to fund more cash - drive deal as oppose to stock - drive deal , be that still part of the strategy -- be it less part of the strategy than it be previously ? any comment overall on that would be great ? yes . so specifically to Diamondback what it be focus on right now be it continue to do small bolt - on trade to make sure it can operate these unit and drill longer lateral and operate it with great efficiency and so it be continue to do that . the other really business development focus that it be really dig into right now be continue focus on do swap and trade with some of the scatter acreage that it acquire to the Energen asset . and so that be what it land team particularly , it little business development organization be right now do that trade . from a macro sense , it be obviously be real -- it think it be be real quiet on the M&A front . and it think there be a reason for that , that is it , all operator be try to respond to live within cash flow and the day of buy an undeveloped acreage with one or two well on it , in term of not be able to be accretive on a cash flow perspective , those day be behind it . so Diamondback , it always have an obligation to it shareholder to try to look for -- to look for deal that can rate unreasonable value , but the bottom line be right now it do not see lot of those -- any of those deal out there . and it be focus on do the small bolt - on and the trade .  , Travis . it appreciate that .  it . it next question come from the line of Tim Rezvan with Oppenheimer . it line be open . hi .  , folk . first question it have be on realization on slide 13 of it deck . it give some kind of guidance quarter - by - quarter through 2019 . it be wonder , if it could talk about the assumption it guess , in the first and second quarter of 2019 because it appear to have more Midland exposure in the second quarter of 2019 , but it be guide to tight differential . so maybe just kind of broadly talk about sort of what assumption it have that be underlie this guidance ? yes , Tim . so the assumption be the market price on a core basis as of last Friday , so it can use the strip as of a couple day ago and use that as it assumption for price . now the Midland differential come significantly in the past couple of month and it be project to stay pretty narrow . so , a couple of it deal roll off at the end of the first quarter . one of it deal go down in differential at the end of the first quarter . so it -- once it realize how large playing [ indiscernible ] expansion be and get window of what enterprise be look to do on the NGL side conversion . it stop sign any fix differential deal . so leave that exposure to the Midland market , it be happy for the majority of it barrel to be expose to that Midland market as it have kind of go through the takeaway crisis that be expect in 2018 and 2019 . okay . that be helpful . it appreciate that . it next question it guess be for Travis , if it could put sort of Director hat on now . diamondback have always have one of the more honest and transparent discretionary comp kind of formula in the industry . as the Company have mature and as it talk now about return on capital employ and free cash flow generation , can it talk about how kind of if at all the Board be think about appropriate discretionary comp metric for senior management ? just try to understand kind of where -- what the priority be over the medium - term future ? Tim , it appreciate it comment on transparency . it have build Diamondback around three kind of core tenant , best - in - class execution , low cost operation and transparency , and that be be part of it since the very beginning . so it appreciate it transparency comment . really , it think , Tim , what it do in 2015 , it think it be one of the first company to do so , the comp and it be not just executive comp , because it apply that same metric to everyone in the organization , but it change the comp focus away from growth in volume and reserve . in fact , it remove those entirely from it scorecard and instead replace it with efficiency measure . and those efficiency measure be proxy for return , return on capital employ or other return measure . so , that have continue go forward in the future . and while it have not set the focus for -- it have not set the scorecard yet for 2019 , it anticipate the Board to again come back to the thing that it think be important , which be generate high return to it investor and keep it operate metric pristine and it execution still best in class . and so that be the way it -- that be the way it have go -- it anticipate the Board to continue to go in 2019 . it be -- it think it serve it well over the last several year . okay . and just to -- little more clarity , it talk about high -- good return for investor . Can it talk about what it mean , be that return on capital employ ? be that cash margin ? be that all of those thing ? well , the efficiency measure that it put in 2015 be -- it use it for proxy as the numerator and the denominator for return on capital employ . and it do so , so that it could build a track record of be able to see what it return measure look like . it think in most all of it investor presentation for the last several quarter for sure , if not long than that , it have include return on capital employ measure . so again , it have not decide what 2019 be go to look like , but it be certainly go to be return focus for -- toward it investor . okay .  for the comment .  it . it next question come from the line of Mike Kelly with Seaport Global . it line be open . hi , guy .  . Travis , it be hope it could potentially frame or just give a little bit more color on the mineral dropdown opportunity . it guess it be really just try to get a sense of how impactful this could be for it guy ?  . yes , Mike . it mean there be a significant amount of mineral still hold at the Diamondback level prior to the Energen deal . it be probably about 2,000 net acre that Diamondback just own still at the parent level . the Energen deal add another $ 60 million to $ 80 million or so of cash flow . so it be try to right size that deal . it think it be go to be very sizable trade , meaningful to both Viper and Diamondback and near billion dollar type trade . okay . it appreciate that . and kind of follow on to Gail 's question on this . it sound like it would -- the mechanic of that deal would be more of it would take Viper share -- more weighted to Viper share versus cash . be it think about that correctly or how should it think about that ? yes . it have really -- those -- it have get -- it have some Board conversation on exactly how it be go to realize that value , but that be probably a good assumption at this point . okay . great . and then shift gear to the Northern Delaware , the result there look pretty awesome . and just curious what the game plan look like for the Northern Delaware in 2019 . maybe it could just talk about expected activity level , well put on line , et cetera . yes . that be one of the thing it be really excited about in this quarter 's release , and it be probably well result be not the focus it understand that in anybody 's quarterly release , but those four well that it deliver in [ indiscernible ] area , which be quite honestly now the good stuff in Diamondback 's portfolio , and it acquire after manage those four well . it think there be over 400 barrel oil per foot . those be some of the -- those be the good well it have ever drill . so , obviously those -- that area be go to get as much capital allocation as it can put in there as quickly as it can . got it . maybe just a quick follow - up on that . be it comfortable give kind of a ballpark number how much acreage it have expose around there ? it will just kind of talk rig count , it be go to run probably four or five rig in that area . it be probably 50,000 or 60,000 total acre in the quarter there . great .  , guy .  it . it next question come from the line of Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley . it line be open . hi , everyone . it want to follow up on to that free cash flow comment it guy have make , and appreciate maybe it be too early to talk about specifically how it will be return cash , but maybe it can talk about it target for leverage and if it be still hope to strengthen the balance sheet further and how it Viper stake play and how it think about that leverage ? draw , it think one - time proceed , asset sale , proceed from mineral or it midstream business go toward debt reduction at the parent company , any return to shareholder whether that be a buyback or the dividend should come from true free cash flow in it opinion . it still want to maintain below two time leverage at the parent company on a consolidated basis , but it also do not want to lever up any of it sub about 2 time either .  it . it next question come from the line of Jeff Grampp with Northland Capital Markets . it line be open .  , guy . it notice it guy have a nice upward provision on the drilling inventory number . it look like it be push almost 30 year now inventory . so , just wonder , do it feel that be a good level for inventory or maybe it guy can look opportunistically to monetize some of that tailwind or just high level thought on how the right level of inventory for it guy ? yes , Jeff . it have be very clear on the grow and prune strategy that the Central Basin Platform be certainly up for sale and that process be ongoing . at this point , with the remain inventory certainly it would look to dispose of some inventory at the back end of it 30 year of drilling inventory , but it be not actively work on any of that today give the commodity price environment . all right , great . great , it appreciate that . and then just on the well cost side , a little bit curious how it guy kind of envision 2019 play out , and then kind of look maybe into some -- an early sneak peek at what 2020 -- how that flow through to 2020 ? so can it guy talk maybe a little bit how do current well cost compare to the guidance that it guy put out and maybe how the thing look like at year end , just relative to what be kind of baked into the guidance number that it guy have ? Jeff , the current cost that it be see today be pretty well bake into it guidance . now , go forward , it be all go to be depend upon typically what activity in oil price do . but what it be see right now be it be have much well conversation with folk today . so , it assume some softening will happen over the next couple -- or the next quarter , at least . again , it be go to depend on what happen in the second half of the year . but for right now , it be plan for basically service cost and well cost to stay flat . a lot of the synergy and initiative it be work on today will have some time - out event . what it have talk about be what it have today , but it have some other initiative that it be work on that should come to fruition throughout the year . so it see well cost come down very slightly throughout the year unless there be some other change in activity level . all right . really helpful , Mike . and just if it can sneak an housekeeping one , can it guy disclose kind of ballpark what the platform asset be produce today ? 7,000 to 8,000 barrel a day . all right . great .  guy . appreciate the time , guy .  it . it next question come from line of Jason Wangler with Imperial Capital . it line be open . hi .  , everyone . just have one obviously , a lot on the call already , but just curious on the hedge side . obviously , the debt be a little bit higher now , but it will be work some of that opportunity like as the year go on . where do it guy get comfortable on the overall hedge ? the basis be kind of covered , but just where should it be think about the hedge profile as the big company now move forward ? yes , Jason . it think it strategy have change a bit as it become a big -- become a big company . in the past , it be let it protect the minimum capital require to hold it acreage position together and now it be kind of shift toward -- it do disclose this number of 14 rig to maintain exit - to - exit production , which be about $ 1.5 billion $ 1.6 billion of total capital . it think on a go - forward basis , it be go to look to hedge probably that maintenance capital , and then everything above that be exposure to the investor for both growth and oil price . it appreciate that . it will turn it back .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice . it line be open .  , Travis , it and it team there . it want it to look at slide 14 and actually kind of more of a big picture question particularly about it inventory versus it peer . so , it guy have [ indiscernible ] low inventory per foot , but it can imagine that converge one or two way with the industry down to it or it increase it location up -- count up to be more even with the industry . it have a guess , which way that that be likely converge with , it be curious , what would it guess would be ? Charles , the way that it have always manage reserve , location count , production guidance be that it want to be conservative in the way that it communicate , because a lot of thing happen in it industry and typically it will always take thing away . so in it experience , particularly as it pertain to inventory well , inventory count , it be a lot easy to add location as well result and technology allow those location to be there than it be to start take it away . and as it have see the reserve number start come out this year , it think that be one of the first indication be a negative performance revision in it industry . and most of those negative performance revision be go to be attribute to well be drill too tightly and reserve auditor take -- walk those location back . so , it be very comfortable that it have sort of an at least view of what it inventory look like an earlier on the call someone actually calculate a 30-year worth inventory . so , it do not feel a compelling need to start add a bunch of location just in the form of stick on a map . so , it be comfortable where it be right now and it will add as technology and well result dictate . got it . and then to push a little further on this Travis , if the industry in general – just generally speak , not the case for it guy , but do get a little to close and it be back up and go more like space , more like your . it seem to it that , that would lead to probably better individual well result and more productivity in the near term , but in the mid - to - long term , it would mean there be less quality inventory that then be think maybe six or nine to 12 month ago . do that -- do it see it that same way or be that not some it … that be right . that be the way it think about it Charles , absolutely . got it . got it . and then if it could just sneak in one more , it talk a lot about grow and prune strategy and that make sense . it be curious , it have get some kind of far - flung asset whether it be kind of in Southern Upton or Regan or Lee , be those kind of active interest that it be try to trade now or be the trade activity more in the middle of the development fairway that it be see ? it be a combination , Charles , it probably have eight or nine active trade right now range from 160 [ ph ] acre swap to 1,000 plus acre swap . so , all option be on the table , the real prune be the Central Basin Platform , but as it talk about Page 14 , as long as it can keep work on that average lateral length go up with us drilling , 9,400 average lateral foot per well this year to get that inventory number up , it land and bd team , it have successfully execute on it grow and prune strategy . got it ,  for that detail , guy .  , Charles . it next question come from the line of Leo Mariani of KeyBanc . it line be open . hi , guy . wonder if it could give a little bit more color around those four , it guess stellar well that it guy recently drill , it guess and complete there on the Energen acreage . it guess , for those prior well do by the Energen team with sort of it own drilling and completion method or whether these do by FANG with the it technique ? Leo , yes , the well be already drill by Energen . and again the great thing about the combination be that it have very similar philosophy and where it -- for the land and drill the well so , it land in very similar spot to where it would have choose as well , but the actual completion happen right at in a little after the close . so again , it have already merge some of the operation group by that time , but now again a collaborative effort . okay . that be helpful . as it be just try to get a sense of whether or not it guy be maybe do thing a bit different on the completion side and what Energen be do , it clearly lay out some material cost reduction versus Energen . just try to get a sense of whether or not the actual completion design or methodology also may be a little different in lead to some well result ? no . it think the beauty of the trade be that , it be so confident in the actual well result it be see on the Energen acreage . the benefit that it have be on the cost side , so , two organization that see eye - to - eye on design and completion size and landing point . but on a cost perspective , combine that be where the real synergy rest . okay . that make sense . and it guess just look at it fourth quarter production , it seem very strong for sure , particularly give the fact that it guy be kind of put these two company together in the fourth quarter , certainly seem like it step up nice momentum into 2019 . it be wonder if it could kind of talk a little bit to kind of production cadence during the year . be the growth kind of more mid - year weighted or back - half weight in ' 19 or be it pretty ratable throughout the year ? yes , Leo . it will tackle the Q4 performance , because it think there be a few important point there . it base business full year production of 121.4 MBOE per day be significantly above the guidance it present in Q3 . so the base business outperform by 8,000 to 10,000 barrel a day in Q4 without give effect to the Energen trade . so it think that be very important . look ahead to 2019 , it give a number that the combine business be do about 250,000 barrel a day in December , once it combine the two company together . it expect to grow basically ratably through the year . it think D&C CapEx be go to be pretty consistent through the year with some acceleration toward the back half , but it kind of see 20 % or so exit - to - exit as be a very important number for it . okay . that be very helpful . and it guess just lastly on cash G&A , it guess it guidance for this year be basically below $ 1 per BOE , could not help to notice it fourth quarter number be around $ 0.67 per BOE , which it guess be quite a bit below . so , should it be think kind of closer to that type of number or be it maybe a little bit upward pressure early in the year if it guy have any severance payment make like that ? all right . it think through the year , it can pick a number between that $ 0.67 and $ 1 and be in good shape . it just like to say , under $ 1 because it be such an industry - lead number . okay ,  guy .  it . it next question come from the line of Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors . it line be open .  . appreciate the time . a lot of mine have be address . one thing it guess [ indiscernible ] on the kind of people side of the equation . how be it all situate with people now at this point ? obviously it have a pretty substantial step - up in activity here as it combine the two company . be it all set on new hire ? how much of the Energen staff come over and just kind of where it be on that front ? yes , Michael . the operation organization for Energen sit in here in Midland and so it think there be a 250 there that just roll right into it mix and then it have get some employee that be in Birmingham that be transition employee . so there be still take care some of the base function in Birmingham as it wind that office close . and then it be fortunate enough to get some folk to move from Birmingham both into Oklahoma City office and back here to Midland as well too . so , it be continue to look to increase headcount as [ indiscernible ] point out . it have get industry lead G&A , but it be go to continue to add the good athlete in the draft that it can find on a -- every quarter . all right [ indiscernible ] to join the team . the other it have be just kind of the split of the rig to the extent it guy can provide any more granularity on , particularly in the Midland Basin side , just curious like how it should think about , yes , just kind of where in the each of these kind of sub operating area ? how much in each of those area it have -- from a rig count perspective ? yes . it would define the Midland Basin and to Northern Midland Basin and then Glasscock County and it be probably go to run about a rig and a half in Glasscock County that get it to 30 to 35 well for the year and the rest in Midland Basin rig , 8.5 or so will be in the Northern Basin area . and Midland Basin will be about 55 % of it total well for the year . the Delaware 45 % of total well for the year , it would say , rig count wise 10 to 11 rig with four of those in the Reeves County Energen block and the rest split between it ReWard and Pecos position . okay , that be super helpful . if it may , just one last on the grow and prune strategy . where would it say it have the good opportunity for the growth side of that equation as it relate to these trade and swap , which of these little sub area do it think be the most likely to change over the course of the next year or look more blocky , it guess ? yes , it mean , it think , it look at what it do in Spanish Trail North with a series of trade and now it be actively block that up . it think it still have some work to do around it reward position and certainly in the [ indiscernible ] Northern Delaware Basin Energen position -- legacy Energen position there be a lot of non - operate property around there that it prefer to operate give it cost structure , and it think it be go to be actively work to block that area up and trade non - opposition for non - operated position . all right .  very much , congrat on the solid quarter .  , Michael . [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from the line of Eli Kantor with IFS Securities . it line be open . hi ,  , guy . it could not help notice the big increase in it other location within the inventory breakdown it give on slide 14 . Can it give some additional detail on what percent of those location be operate versus non - op ? what interval comprise this other category ? how the location be split across those various interval and it development of the other location will compete for capital relative to location it break out the Wolfcamp , Spraberry and Bone Spring ? yes . it will take that one . Energen keep more Wolfcamp C and Wolfcamp B inventory than Diamondback do in the Midland Basin and have more exposure to it than it do for that . so , that make up a good amount of the other category . non - op be about 400 net non - op location as well . and that comprise a good piece . now on the Delaware side , Energen have some Avalon and Brushy Canyon location where it do not have that in the Southern Delaware Basin . and then , in term of this upcoming monetization of Rattler . it talk about the various consideration be make and decide what percent of the equity it ultimately show . no , it can talk about that Eli . it be on file with the SEC and it be go to look at s1 filing on online . 