Frontier report a loss per share of $ 0.05 in the first quarter of 2015 compare to earning per share of $ 0.01 in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $ 0.04 per share in the first quarter of 2014 . adjust for acquisition relate interest expense , acquisition and integration cost and severance cost , it non - GAAP adjust net income be $ 0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2015 compare to $ 0.04 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014 , and $ 0.05 per share in the first quarter of 2014 . the board declare a dividend payment of $ 0.105 per share for the second quarter of 2015 in - line with the increase dividend in the first quarter . please turn to slide nine . first quarter revenue be $ 1.37 billion , which include $ 264 million of revenue from the inclusion of the first full quarter of Connecticut . this represent a quarterly sequential decline of 0.7 % exclude Connecticut , an improvement as compare to the 2.3 % quarterly sequential decline in the fourth quarter of 2014 . total customer revenue of $ 1.2 billion include $ 254 million of revenue from Connecticut . exclude Connecticut , customer revenue decline by $ 16 million or 1.6 % as compare to the fourth quarter . however , take into account the anticipated and previously discuss decline in wireless backhaul revenue , the rate of quarterly customer revenue decline improve in it legacy footprint from negative 1.8 % sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2014 , down to negative 1.3 % in the first quarter . total residential customer revenue of $ 617 million include $ 138 million from Connecticut . exclude Connecticut , the residential customer revenue trend improve sequentially with a decline in Q1 of only $ 6 million as compare to $ 13 million decline in Q4 , 2014 . residential datum revenue increase 10 % over the prior year , partially offset a decline in voice revenue . include Connecticut , residential data revenue increase by nearly 2.5 % sequentially – pardon it , nearly 5 % sequentially . customer revenue – business customer revenue of $ 616 million include $ 116 million from Connecticut , exclude Connecticut the $ 10 million sequential decline be primarily a result of voice decline and the expect step down in wireless backhaul revenue . it continue to be encourage by the trend it be see in SME , as Dan discuss . total datum and internet service revenue increase to $ 20 million sequentially with the first quarter – with the full quarter impact of it Connecticut operation . the legacy operation show a modest increase with it data service growth outstrip the non - switched revenue decline . the driver of growth in datum service include a 10 % year - over - year increase in residential data service and 20 % year - over - year increase in business ethernet service for a total year - over - year quarterly increase of nearly 12 % , exclude it Connecticut operation . it continue to anticipate that Frontier 's datum service revenue should grow and increase as a percentage of overall mix exclude the wireless backhaul headwind . exclude Connecticut , total voice revenue be down sequentially , although an improvement in the quarterly sequential rate of decline from Q4 2014 again reflect the industry secular headwind of decline voice customer . this decline be offset by the incremental revenue from Connecticut . regulatory revenue for the quarter be $ 138 million and exclude Connecticut this improve $ 9 million sequentially . residential average revenue per customer or ARPC be $ 64.13 for the first quarter of 2015 , a decrease of 2.3 % sequentially . as Dan discuss , this be due to the price migration of certain Connecticut bundle customer who move to Frontier 's pricing bundle . it have see this migration level off in March and April and be already see monthly sequential stable trend early on this second quarter . business ARPC be down 1.5 % sequentially with the wireless backhaul be a factor in this decline . ARPC for SME be stable sequentially , illustrate stable trend in both legacy and Connecticut operation . the adjusted EBITDA margin in the first quarter be 41.1 % . it margin continue to lead the way in it telecom cable sector with it relentless focus on expense management and continuous operational improvement . cash operating expense in it legacy footprint decline 1 % in the first quarter as compare to Q4 2014 , and be nearly flat year - over - year as compare to Q1 2014 , despite an increase head count to support it Frontier secure strategic partnership service offering . it have achieve annualize cost synergy in the Connecticut acquisition of $ 230 million as of the end of the first quarter , exceed it $ 200 million target for synergy in far earlier than it original timing of year three . capital expenditure be $ 170 million in the first quarter and it spend an additional $ 10 million in CapEx relate to integration activity . further , it CAF fund expenditure in Q1 be $ 9 million . since inception it have expend $ 103 million of the $ 133 million CAF Phase it fund receive , enable or upgrading broadband service to 188,700 household to - date , include an incremental 24,700 household within this past quarter . it currently anticipate complete it CAF it obligation in the third quarter . please turn to slide 10 . Frontier 's cash flow remain very healthy . it leveraged free cash flow be $ 197 million in the first quarter , and it be on track for it full - year guidance range of $ 785 million to $ 825 million . first quarter cash tax payment be $ 17 million . it trail fourth quarter dividend payout ratio remain very strong and sustainable at 54 % . please turn to slide 11 . it leverage ratio at the end of Q1 pro forma for Connecticut be 3.85 time , in line with it estimate when it first announce the transaction . Frontier 's liquidity remain robust . it end the quarter with more than $ 1.3 billion in cash and credit availability . it have repay debt of $ 129 million in the first quarter . Frontier 's capital allocation framework remain unchanged : invest appropriately in it network infrastructure and operation , support it current dividend , and utilize excess cash generate to reduce indebtedness and it leverage ratio over time . it be comfortable with it leverage level and be committed to maintain it liquidity along with a prudently manage balance sheet . slide 12 contain it debt maturity profile as of the end of the first quarter . since the close of the first quarter , it have repay an additional $ 97 million in mature debt obligation . please turn to slide 13 . it guidance for 2015 remain unchanged as follow . leveraged free cash flow be estimate to be in a range of $ 785 million to $ 825 million . capital expenditure exclude those relate to CAF spending be estimate to be $ 650 million to $ 700 million , and cash taxis be estimate to be $ 175 million to $ 200 million . this guidance exclude spend relate to acquisition and integration expense . it will update it guidance after it decision be finalize regard CAF II . in summary , Frontier 's Q1 2015 operating result . the Connecticut transaction , it prudent capital investment and it expense management , all provide a strong cash flow base and a solid financial platform for support and invest in the business . it have ample capital to invest in and enhance it competitive infrastructure to service it debt and comfortably sustain it dividend . with that , let it pass the call back to the operator and open up the line for question . question - and - answer session it will take it first question from Batya Levi with UBS . Batya Levi - UBS Securities LLC great .  . a couple of question . first on the adjusted EBITDA that it report for the quarter , it be down sequentially despite some well progress on synergy and high revenue contribution from Connecticut . Can it provide more color on the expense that it have in the quarter if there be any one - timer or what drive that high spending ? and second question on the churn . it pick up a little bit in the first quarter . it do mention that in Connecticut it go to market pricing in March . be that the main cause of the uptick in churn and how do it expect this new pricing in Connecticut to impact subscriber trend both on the video and the broadband side ?  it . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President hi Batya , it be John . let it answer the question on adjust EBITDA and it will let Dan talk about the market pricing . adjusted EBITDA , actually it expense be in it legacy footprint be stable , pretty stable quarter - over - quarter versus Q4 , so the revenue – the revenue be really the adjust factor there . and then it have , on the free cash flow , it increase substantially it CapEx in the quarter , so it capex be up materially versus Q4 and that be really time . so , the $ 170 million in CapEx that it spend in the quarter be within the guidance range that it provide . Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer and batya on the – on the churn it be right , there be a slight uptick . two different component really when it look at it , one – really both around the video product set . so , in one case it see a number of DISH customer leave . it be really upset with , it think the content dispute between DISH and some of the content player and it opt for another provider who provide a triple play for it . and then the part on own system be really cause when it go through Connecticut conversion it do have some hiccup that it talk about on previous call . so , it have a slightly high churn level in January and February . Feb really do mitigate quite a bit in March and have come down to normal level in April . it absolutely believe that migrate customer to the right price point in the market , improve the retentive characteristic of that customer relationship . and it be do that every single day and it think it be the right decision for the business for the long - term . Batya Levi - UBS Securities LLC okay . just a follow up so , even though it be increase price on the Connecticut customer , it be not really see much of a difference in the trend in subscriber ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it have see an improvement in the trend in March and April , both from a subscriber perspective as well as an arpc and a revenue perspective . in fact , some of the tool that it have put in place for it technician and it call center , it team allow it to do up sell to other bundle and speed and package virtually real time at a customer 's premise and it be see very good result with those tactic . Batya Levi - UBS Securities LLC okay .  it . it will take it next question from David Barden with Bank of America . David W. Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch hey , guy ,  for take the question . two if it could , Dan , it think it have talk a lot about the more normal and encouraging run rate as it exit the quarter into March and now April . it guess , it be be a couple rocky quarter here and it be hard to know what the right normal rate of movement in the business really be at the revenue line . Could it give it a little bit well color , like be it suppose to be look at something that look more like the first part of 2014 for the consolidated business , rather than the last couple of quarter when it say normal be that what it mean ? it would be helpful to get some color there . and then , John , on the reiteration of the free cash flow guide , obviously the cash taxis be come in way lower , how should it interpret reiterate the free cash flow guide give that it cash tax payment be so much low than the run rate ?  . Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer Dave , it be Dan . so , first off , it should think about , when it think about Connecticut and the impact it be have on the business , first of all the commercial side of the business in Connecticut have be very stable . it be very pleased with the result that it be experience there . it think there be a lot of opportunity in Connecticut and it just take a little while to start to tap into that opportunity as it build it sale channel and build the relationship between it sale force and the customer in the market . it really can not accelerate that too quickly ; it be really build those relationship over time . really a lot of the noise that occur be around the residential customer . in the residential customer there be a couple of thing that it do in the quarter that both allow customer to move to market base pricing , but it also purposefully hold rate on promotion from increase . it do not want customer to have a rate increase right in it first bill or second bill with it as the provider and then have to call in during a period of high call volume . it think that would be a bad experience for customer . so it implement a program of migrate those customer really start towards the end of March with a very thorough communication plan and give it insight into what it new bill would be as well as the opportunity if it want to change plan move forward . it have have very good experience with that . so it do not see a lot more choppiness from migration move forward . it have kind of steady out . there be a big backlog for lack of well way of describe it since AT&T have stop do marketing and really have a different approach to allow customer to migrate to acquisition type offer and in it case acquisition offer be kind of it everyday pricing in a market . so there be about four month , five month of backlog that occur just prior to conversion and then up through January and February , it have work through that , so it do not think it will see any more of that and it should start to see a stabilization as it exit Q1 into Q2 . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President and Phil ( sic ) [ Dave ] ( 29:43 ) on the – to it question on the cash taxis , it guidance remain intact for now . in the first quarter , it be actually just as it plan . what it see in the first quarter be , it have a – sorry Dave , and it have a carryover benefit from the extension of bonus depreciation that exist in 2014 . it have already pay it taxis in 2014 . so it carry forward the benefit into the first quarter of 2015 . so that be why it be seemingly low than it should be otherwise , but it be still comfortable with it guidance range . David W. Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch all right . so it should see the cash tax number kind of pop back up in the come quarter ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President that be correct . David W. Barden - Bank of America Merrill Lynch got it . okay .  guy . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President all right .  , Dave . it will take it next question Frank Louthan with Raymond James . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. great .  it . Can it walk it through the CAF award ? when do it expect to start collect that ? and can it give it an idea of sort of the net effect of that sort of the upside or the downside to the number , relative to the current subsidy mechanism that it be collect under – what will – like be it a positive or a negative effect when it be all say and do ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer sure Frank , this be Dan . it will take a stab at that the – it be notify of what it CAF award could potentially be . it will go through – it have now till August 27 to really work through on a state - by - state basis , whether it make sense to accept those award and proceed with the obligation . it do believe that the vast majority of the state it do , it will take those fund and move forward . and it think that will be very helpful for it in improve the experience for customer as well as expand to unserved area . the way the process work be that if it be to decline to take the support as highlight , then it would be eligible for kind of a step down approach on the frozen support that be currently in place . in all scenario that it envision right now , this should be a very positive benefit for it and it would see incremental benefit to the tune of $ 100 million to $ 133 million approximately depend upon whether it take all of the support to it current present support level . and it envision that begin before the end of the year and it be just hesitant to adjust it guidance at this point till it finalize the state that it be go to accept the funding and look at the CapEx deployment plan that would be part of it plan as it go through the year and it will have both of those finalize as it get into the probably June , July , August timeframe . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. that be very helpful . do have a ballpark of what the CapEx would be ? give the throughput that it generally have sort of broadly across it network it would assume it be in a pretty good shape as far as those area but it have a ballpark of what the capital requirement may be to be able to realize 100 % of those offer ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer well , for 2015 the reality be if it be to elect whatever state it do and it start to receive funding after that point in time the construction season in many of it state really will start to end in October , so there will really only be about two month , maybe three month of CapEx that be associate with it . there will be some state in the south where it can continue to work into the winter . so that be why it be try to understand both the benefit from a revenue perspective , but also what the CapEx plan will be , because it will be a fairly short window this year , next year it would see the CapEx be significantly higher associate with start to meet it obligation . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. do it have a ballpark sort of total amount of CapEx it think it may take between the next year or two ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it do not at this point , Frank . Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. okay , great . it be very helpful .  it . it will take it next question from Michael Rollins with Citi . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) hi .  for take the question . if it can give it two - parter , the first part be what be the synergy recognize after day 1 ? it know it have that day 1 synergy that it guy talk about previously , and then it have the current amount that it have recognize , if it could just give it a sense of the flow ? and then it will be able to ask it another question follow that ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President sure , Mike . when it announce the transaction when it close , it say it be at an annualized synergy level of $ 150 million , and then it up that to $ 165 million when it announce it full - year result about three month ago . and so now , as it be get and run and actually get thing , everything in place , that be where it be up to the $ 230 million level . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) so it be about $ 16 million since the Day 1 , the update Day 1 ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it be sorry ; it be at $ 150 million day 1 , $ 230 million now . so ... Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) $ 230 million , it be sorry , so $ 80 million be the cumulative amount ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President that be correct , in excess of day 1 . Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer and really , Mike , as it look forward , it be in the plan , as it can imagine it be a very busy time with it with integration activity for the Verizon transaction but that do not mean that it team in Connecticut and it system team be not work on find additional synergy for the Connecticut operation . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) so it guess the question be , as it think then about just the flow through of what be happen with revenue versus EBITDA , be it find that offset some of these synergy it be have to invest whether it be in marketing or customer acquisition or some other kind of expense that may be hold back the flow through of the revenue into EBITDA ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer well , it would just say from a marketing and subscriber acquisition cost perspective right now , it have spend a little bit extra on it alternate channel simply because during the time that it do an integration , usually the first two month to three month , it wind up with a very high call volume and it can have a impact of really cause it call center to be less productive . so it have go to a little bit more costly acquisition model but that will come back in time as it contact center become more and more part of it acquisition strategy . so other than that it do not think that it have see significant uptick in acquisition cost at this point . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Mike , it will see the flow through to ebitda as it go through the year , as Dan describe , the migration pattern that it have with it pricing which be a normal flow for it and so it will see that impact on the EBITDA side more prevalent as it move through the year . Michael I. Rollins - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker )  very much . Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it be welcome . it will take it next question from Scott Goldman with Jefferies LLC . David Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC hey ,  for take the question . it guess two also on it end . one , it be just wonder whether it guy would be willing to share or quantify what the impact of migrate to current – to it current promotion be in Connecticut versus where it be before , be there any way to quantify that in dollar term ? just a quick clarification on that topic as well . it talk about expand the AT&T promotional pricing and begin move that to Frontier towards the end of the quarter . by the end of April , be all those customer go to be off of AT&T promotional pricing and on to it pricing ? and then , maybe a last one for Dan , just maybe talk a little bit about what it be see in the marketplace in term of broadband , maybe how thing stack up in legacy versus Connecticut market this quarter and then , what it be see from a competitive standpoint ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer sure . it will take the last two ; John will probably take the first . so on it question on extend the AT&T offer , at the – it start the process on March 25 and as it will finish all of those cycle at the end of April , all of those customer will have be move to the correct pricing . so it should see the benefit of that as it come into it April result . and then on the marketplace discussion , Scott , it would say the legacy market still seem very attractive to it . it see some strong result ; it take market share in 77 % of the market across the country . it think if there be anything that slow down it total broadband addition ; it be simply that during the first quarter , it still rely on it contact center for about 60 % in any quarter , of it broadband addition . and as it go through a large integration , as it do , those high call volume tend to disrupt it universal queue around the country and as a result , it impact it gross addition across the country quite frankly , by a few thousand but it would say that in general it still be very bullish on the legacy market and it look forward to the investment that it be go to make in Connecticut to expand and extend u - verse as well as upgrade the U - verse capability as well as upgrade the more traditional DSL service and all of those cost to do that be in it commitment to the state of Connecticut and in it guidance for this year . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Scott on the revenue side , it do not call out specifically the migration impact . what it can say be that it have customer that be migrate downward in monthly recur pricing during January and February . it actually swing the other way when it go to March and now when it go from March to April , as that pricing actually start to migrate upwards . and it see new customer come on toward the end of the quarter in the month at high price point than where it be in January and February . so it be see a good flow through , as it go into the second quarter . so it will just say it think it feel pretty good about q2 in Connecticut . David Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC great .  , guy . it will take it next question from Kevin Smithen with Macquarie . Kevin Smithen - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc.  . it wonder if it could talk a little bit about how it evaluate the CAF opportunity give where EBITDA have come in in Q1 and kind of the implied EBITDA guidance for the year ? do that impact at all it propensity to make the CAF investment ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer Kevin , this be Dan . no , it do not think it EBITDA in Q1 would change it criterion . it be really look at what it believe be the cost and the opportunity that will be unleash or enable by the CAF - II in it market . there be certain market where it have close to 100 % coverage in a market and take the CAF fund for that market may not make sense . it may make more sense to stay on frozen support level for a period of time . but that be just an example – it do a deep dive on the engineering side . it team have do a lot of the homework on it . so , it hope to have clarity on it sooner than August , but it be go to take the time and make the right decision and it really be not a function of Q2 , Q1 result . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Kevin it will add – there be the long - term benefit too in CAF . there be obviously the immediate in year benefit of the incremental support level , but again remember what it be do be it be either enable or upgrade more household across it footprint , so that be just more opportunity – broadband opportunity long - term and bundle customer opportunity long - term . so , it see it as all be good so , it be not – what it – it result for EBITDA be not – do not impact how it look at CAF . Kevin Smithen - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc. got it . and on the Verizon asset , anything in the Q1 number that on those asset that it be go to be purchase that stand out to it positively or negatively ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it will say – it recently file an 8-k with a pro forma result for those Verizon property that be base on 2014 number . the revenue come in about as it anticipate and it be still very comfortable with the pro forma EBITDA that it have communicate back in February of about $ 2.3 billion on an annualize basis for 2014 . it will not exactly see that number in the filing , the difference be the cost take out that it do against all of the allocate expense that Verizon embed in that business , so it still feel very good about it view on these property . Kevin Smithen - Macquarie Capital ( USA ) , Inc. it will take it next question from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC hey . quick follow - up on the CAF stuff . any further CAF available in the Verizon territory and it assume that what it have announce already include the Connecticut ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer there really be not CAF available for it , it believe , in Connecticut , Phil . and there potentially could be opportunity , but it will not own the property obviously at that point . so it be not in the – anything incremental for California or Texas , for instance , be incremental to the $ 283 million that it discuss . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC so it could bid on it next year , but it would not come as part of the Verizon deal ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it could bid on it or if Verizon be to participate obviously that would be a benefit for it . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC it see . and then , John , it talk in the past about how the cellular backhaul headwind be go to be more front load this year , what happen in 1Q and what should it expect for the rest of the year ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it have continue decrease as it – as it have anticipate this year . it think in total , it will see about the same level of annual revenue change in 2015 as it head in 2014 . and again as Dan and team go through this , it see quarterly sequential stabilization in the back half of this year or early 2016 and again a lot of this just depend upon the wireless carrier . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC so , 3Q into 4Q or maybe 4q into 1q for that stabilization ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President that be right . remember , this be really kind of in the legacy footprint , those headwind do not exist in what it have in Connecticut and by the way it will not exist also in the three state from Verizon that it be pick up as well . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC okay . last thing on Connecticut , early on there be VoD issue and it hear about some thing , customer complain well into the first quarter , be Connecticut run on the video side exactly how it should be at this point ? Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer yes , Connecticut be run exactly how it should be run in the first quarter . there be no additional issue on the VoD library , that be it replenish the library after conversion and literally customer pull on it so fast that it would draw down the content as quickly as it be fill , but that be – that be in rearview mirror . in fact , as it go through , one of the large benefit for Connecticut that will accrue as it do the integration for the Verizon property , be it will be upgrade it VoD library substantially in Connecticut , it will be much well experience than really AT&T have anywhere in the country and anyone in Connecticut have experience in the past . Philip a. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC great .  it . Luke T. Szymczak - Vice President - Investor Relations Travis , it have time for one more question . it will take it final question today from Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC great .  very much . on the integration cost , it think it be $ 57 million of OpEx in the quarter , be that all Connecticut or be it start to see some Verizon in there and perhaps a little bit more color about how that trend over the balance of the year . and then on special access subsidy , that look a bit strong this quarter , it be just wonder what be drive that ?  . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President sure Simon it will take those . on the integration side , it begin to see some spending in the Verizon , on the Verizon deal and it really see the pretty much wrapping up what it be do in Connecticut , there may be one or two hang bit that go into q2 but it be get close to be do with it Connecticut integration and now just really turn to the ramp up for Verizon . so it will see the Verizon effort really pickup in this year . right now , it have just say in total about $ 450 million between OpEx and CapEx in 2015 , 2016 for the Verizon transaction , it continue to review and refine that and it will do in the come quarter . it be deeply into this now with it counterpart at Verizon . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC so Q2 should probably pick up a bit from the Q1 level ? John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it would have – certainly with respect to the Verizon effort , yes and it think it be go to begin to see this and as it sort through be the OpEx versus CapEx peace and it will try to keep on refining and give it more color as it move through the quarter . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC okay .  it . John M. Jureller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President on the special access side be it have sightline , as it say , to finish up CAF Phase it and it look like that it be – it will have surplus in excess of the definitive amount it receive and that is it be able to really build out and meet it requirement with certain funding leave over . so it be just about toward the end . it have some sightline as to what that leftover would be , so it special access on the regulatory side reflect a little bit of that . so just think about sort of the step up in the quarter be that element , it be not customer revenue , that be just regulatory revenue . Simon Flannery - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC okay , great .  it . Daniel J. McCarthy - President & Chief Operating Officer it want to  it all for join it this afternoon to review it first quarter result . this be a very busy and exciting time for it at Frontier , as it can tell , as it begin to operate it Connecticut property and prepare for a transformative transaction . it look forward to talk to it next quarter and update it on it progress on result and it integration effort .  it . 