the first quarter net revenue be up $ 6 million or 16 % to $ 47 million , while operate cost and expense be up $ 3 million or 3 % . as Matt just mention , it first quarter represent a small percentage of it annual operating result as it include first quarter operation from it only year - round amusement park , Knott ’s Berry Farm , and the end of March opening weekend of three seasonal park , carowind , Kings Dominion and Great America . during the first quarter , it generate record attendance along with increase in all revenue category include admission , food and beverage , merchandise and game , and accommodation . the 3 % increase in cost be primarily relate to the strong unit price performance in the quarter up 20 % and it impact on the reporting of non - cash equity base compensation . it also see a nominal increase in cost of good sell due to the increase in attendance . partially offset these increase be a decrease in the first quarter operating cost , primarily relate to the timing difference on offseason maintenance project and plan expenditure on 2015 OpEx initiative . turn to the first quarter balance sheet for a moment , the solid start to it 2015 season be also reflect in differ revenue which be up $ 23 million or 33 % to $ 93million when compare with the first quarter last year . this increase have be drive by positive early season momentum in the sale of season pass as well as strong early adoption of it all season dining program , which be be roll out broadly across all it park this year . while the early timing of Easter and some accelerated promotional program contribute to a portion of the first quarter increase in differ revenue , season pass and all season dining sale have continue to strong into April and differ revenue remain up more than 20 % year - over - year . it continue to believe that it season pass base and it new all season dining program represent meaningful area of growth for it in 2015 and beyond . as of today , it have seven park open for operation and an eight Dorney Park open this weekend . it be pleased to say all of it 2015 capital investment project have open or schedule to open on time and on budget . deliver it new attraction at the early as possible day help to reinforce the solid price value proposition it rely upon to drive strong attendance and per cap and encourage as early season visitation . obviously it be pleased with it great start so far in 2015 as the positive first quarter trend in term of attendance and guest spending have continue into April . these early season trend put it on pace to deliver what it believe will be it six straight record year , but it be important to remember that the vast majority of it 2015 result be yet to come . now , it will turn the call back over to Matt .  it , Brian . in early 2012 , Brain , Richard Zimmerman and it present it fund FUNforward strategic plan that target $ 450 million or more in adjust EBITDA by 2016 . within the plan , it identify several initiative it be rely upon to achieve it goal . it be please to say this solid execution of the initiative have product result that be ahead of what it have originally forecast . with this in mind over the past year , it work actively with it Board of Directors to establish the next generation of FUNforward . in do so , it pay special attention to what be happen outside of it park . the include trend that would represent both opportunity and threat . it also focus on it core competency , some like park operation and the delivery of world class attraction have long legacy . while other like CRM and management have be instal over the past few year . as it look forward , it be satisfy to reflect on how far it come since it start put in new management team together in June of 2011 , but it be not sad about the past , let it talk about the future . begin of this new chapter , it launch the first generation of it new corporate website today www.cedarfair.com . this site will play an important role in communicate the new Cedar Fair to potential partner , investor , vendor and future employee . to be clear , Cedar Fair ’s guest be loyal to it park and while many of it may appreciate the collective Cedar Fair story , the individual park website will still be the primary online to for it guest . but as it operate under a house of brand approach with each part own a unique brand build over many year , it new corporate website will allow it to combine all that be happen into one cohesive story . the site reflect it corporate value and internal brand positioning as summarize the brand positioning , it take upon seriously . the site will evolve dynamically as it determine how best to meet the various need of this particular audience . it encourage all of it to visit the new corporate side over the next few day and monitor as it story move forward . so where do it go from here , for external purpose , it be label the next generation of it strategic plan as FUNforward 2.0 . internally , it have refer to simply as more fun . it new long term target be to grow adjust EBITDA of $ 500 million or more by 2018 . this imply an average growth rate of 4 % over the next four year and be consistent with it original FUNforward growth rate . it be important to note here that it do not anticipate this growth to be lini due to the path be impact short term macro factor can have on it operation , as well as the timing of return on long term investment . it have now have five team that will drive it growth to 2018 . these team have evolve from the one in it original FUNforward strategic plan but it still encompass it original initiative and it mutually exclusive . let it list it first and then it will explain it in the more detail . first , it will continue to focus on enhance the guest experience in an effort to deliver a strong price value proposition target a quality family orient audience . second , it will focus on grow advanced purchase commitment for all of the product it offer in all of it attendance channel . third , it will embrace digital technology in all aspect of it business . fourth , it will continue to disciplined around the prioritization of capital and operating initiative as it look to realize the full poor market of each of it park . and fifth , it will pursue complimentary development adjacent to it park . it will start with theme number one , which focus on it ability to sustain it strong price value proposition by deliver a quality guest experience . in everything it do , it first focus be how this enhance the overall guest experience . it ability to drive pricing rely the time of delivery of a quality guest experience include new ride and attraction , new live entertainment offering and exceptional guest service , all of which driver it peak vision . it continue to believe the overall Cedar Fair park experience provide a strong value proposition , especially when compare with alternative form of entertainment such as movie sport event and [ indiscernible ] . this comparative value and strong price value proposition intern support it ability to the dynamically push pricing at it park . additionally over the past three year , it have build the technology and town infrastructure to support it CRM effort . the assembly of multiyear consumer datum under one cohesive system not previously available do , while amplifie it customer communication effort go forward . as an example , all of it direct communication now contain segmented message and image most relevant to a particular household . it have never be well position to drive the right price to the right consumer with the right message at the right time . it also believe it will benefit from a more consistent approach to early season value pricing . unlike the destination park , where most can ready identify the peak and value season , the regional amusement park industry do not have similar clarity . at Cedar Fair , it have begin a multiyear commitment to marketing campaign that will let value sensitive consumer know that the May , June timeframe provide both a great value and a great experience . besides the direct benefit , early season demand provide it with great pricing confidence throughout the balance of this season . it recognize that to optimize this early season opportunity be important to continue it tradition of open it new ride and attraction as early in the season as possible . timing in this category , it will remain discipline and all it do to continue to appeal to a wide family orient audience . this target audience be economically preferred and support a favorable in park experience for all . it theme number two drive advance purchase commitment provide several benefit . by get consumer to purchase admission ticket and other product ahead of time , it can use advanced purchase pattern to improve it visibility to market trend and enhance it revenue management capability , it build a buffer against traditional barrier to visitation such as weather and alternative entertainment option . and it gain favorable in park spending elasticity from consumer who pay in advance . among other thing , it guest can now buy season pass be most valuable advance purchase offering as well as daily admission ticket , parking , dining plan and pass in advance of it visit . it attractive installment payment program have prove to be highly effective in grow it season pass base . many of it CRM campaign as well as in park season pass orient special offer have already drive a increase season pass renewable rate across it system over the past two year and it plan to introduce an enhance season pass renewable program in the fall of 2015 . in addition for 2015 , it initiate numerous limited time sale of single day ticket that be only good for the early season , which typically mean that ticket be good through June . these limited time offer include new campaign such as Black Friday , Cyber Monday and President Day sale . also these offer and advanced purchase it produce for 2015 have be very encouraging . move on the theme number three , it plan to further embrace digital technology in all aspect of it business . it be just now begin to take advantage of all the digital innovation have to offer . over the past year , it have be apply digital innovation to enhance the guest experience within it park . mostly notably in it Amusement Park ride such as Wonder Mountain 's Guardian at it Canada 's Wonderland and Voyage to the Iron Reef and Knott 's Berry Farm which be start to debut next month . it be actively peruse additional digital entertainment orient application it now only offer capital efficiency but also great appeal for it guest through content and story line update . base on the increase importance of mobile app , it have establish a new partnership with technology company that have develop a robust mobile platform for use within it park . this new mobile app solution will allow to enhance the in park experience for it guest by provide it the convenience and information it value , such as ride way time , way finding and show time . the app will also allow it to create a two way conversation with it guest which can drive increase in park spending and ensure the capture of valuable guest datum for it CRM application . it be introduce this platform in two of it park this year , Kings Island and Carowinds with the intention of a broad rollout in the near future . in park photo capture and other opportunity in the digital technology front , the popular of digital entering have grow rapidly and capture and share memory and have always be central to the park experience . with the expiration of it previous photo image contract in 2015 , begin next year , it will launch a new technologically advance in park photo solution and pricing model that will feel to all of it guest with the accessory benefit of amplify it social medium marketing effort . another digitally base initiative be funtv which continue to advance . it introduce FunTV at it park in 2014 with a goal of create a more effective platform for in park sponsorship and corporate alliance . it be also commit use funtv to engage and entertain guest as well as inform it a numerous park offering where it wait inline . it continue to believe in this initiative and expect to generate a grow revenue stream over the next few year . lastly , it have begin the process of roll out Wi - fi capacity to it park . in 2015 , these effort will be concentrate just a few park where it will pilot it Wi - Fi solution . it will take it a couple of year to install this capability in all of it but beside begin a fundamental guest expectation , it will provide an infrastructure for many of it system include the one it just mention . in addition to these revenue generating initiative , it remain focus on it IT system and infrastructure to ensure transaction and labor efficiency in all touch point . it call this either purchase . anytime it spend money with it , it should to intuitive , simple and fast . this be why it be modernize the front grate at it large park , why it have a traffic line at carowind and why it have flexible capacity for activate season pass during it first park visit . no one like to wait and it certainly do not like to wait to give it money . it have be successful in the past in identify system to enhance the guest experience , while at the same time reduce labor cost and it will continue to make it inefficient of the investment in this area go forward . theme number four be maximize it park market potential to discipline capital and operating initiative . have see the early result from it expand commitment to carowind , it be proud of it decision to make a major investment in this park . it encourage it to start at the entrance bridge and listen to guest ’s appellative as Fury 325 apply both over it head and under it foot . Shakopee [ ph ] be a vibrant market and it be move forward aggressively to implement it plan to multiyear investment in carowind . at Knott 's Berry Farm , where it continue to see the benefit establish and deliver a differentiate brand positioning , the addition of family orient attraction , entertainment and steepness fear to an already strong collection of thrill ride have be extraordinarily well receive . additionally special event programming provide multiple compelling reason to visit the park over the course of the season . while it spend relatively modest amount of CapEx at this park , it do increase it operating cost in an effort to enhance experience or entertainment around the park and it be clearly see the benefit through rapid attendant , guest spending and profit . it believe there be similar opportunity at it other park that it will pursue over the next several year . it will build from experience Knott 's Berry Farm and Carowinds to critically evaluate the growth potential of it other exist park . even it large park Cedar Point have the potential for additional growth and the renovation of hotel breaker which be essentially complete provide an opportunity to increase the park super regional multiday positioning . now that the hotel renovation be complete , it be go to lean end of the multiday poisoning for this park have any increase in multiday ticket will have a significant impact . it fifth and final theme be to pursue complementary development adjacent to it park . mostly notable it have file rezone it Great America property which be adjacent to the new San Francisco 49ers stadium in Santa Clara , California . one the rezoning be complete , it will have more certainty in it ability to add new ride and attraction as well as it ability to consider complementary commercial development such as retail , hotel , dining and entertainment . this be a unique property in the unique market . it anticipate the rezoning to be complete within the next year . at carowind , it have identify two site where it have the opportunity to expand overnight accommodation for it guest and the grow Charlotte market . this synergistic use of the property would help drive incremental attendance and create a consistent revenue stream . it be currently evaluation several option some of which would require little to know capital investment from Cedar Fair . it also believe there may be similar opportunity at it other property . now win in the five team it lay out be the value it see from develop a broad range of third party partnership relationship . exist relationship that it have , have have a positive impact on it business include it partnership with innovative right vendor as well as it partnership of Coke [ indiscernible ] platform ; Cramer - Krasselt , it ad agency ; the San Francisco 49ers , Worldwide and several other have clearly have a positive impact on it business . as part of it scale with the external entertainment landscape , it have initiate discussion with and it actively pursue relationship with forward think company where it see mutually beneficial synergy to take both company to the next level . the company it be talk about with generally fit within three category . first , those who have product innovation that it can apply in it park , it be help it to understand how to commercialize it innovation in a way relevant to it business . these partner appreciate that it can provide commercial activation at a scale which be difficult to find anywhere else . second , it be expand it relationship with partner who have an establish product and the loyal audience to integrate consumer ’ experience with these product into it experience relate to it park . most importantly , it expect these type of partnership to deliver incremental visitor through it already establish distribution channel . and third , those who have particular expertise which extend beyond it core business , one such example would be real estate developer . as with all partnership , the timeline to it implementation be less precise in the delivery of a new rollercoaster . this be distinctly different from the full control it have for the ride and attraction it like to purchase . however , the value potential be considerable . these be the highlight of the five theme it expect to drive it growth over the next several year . now it would like to turn the call back to Brian for a outlook and the key use of pre - cash flow go forward after which it will open the call for question . Brian ?  Matt . as it be aware , it do it good to be as transparent as it can be in regard to the allocation of it cash flow . this be fairly easy business to model as cash be primarily allocate to four area , cash use for debt obligation include interest payment ; cash use for taxis ; cash use for capital investment and cash use for inner old return primarily distribution . go forward , it expect annual cash interest payment to be approximately $ 85 million as the majority of it debt have be fix through long term fix rate note or interest rate swap agreement . at this point in time give it be within it target leverage ratio range of three to four debt to adjust EBITDA , it do not intend to make any additional debt payment outside of it regular amortization requirement . cash taxis be expect to be $ 20 million to $ 25 million this year and will continue to increase into 2016 and 2017 as the remainder of it nol be use up . base on it performance projection , it current entity structure and an effective tax rate of approximately 28 % , cash taxis be expect to increase to north of $ 50 million in the next few year . over the past year , it have be analyze various way to optimize it entity structure . the option it have identify could result an effective tax rate approach 25 % an additional cash tax saving . however , it have more work to do as it analyze the implication of these option . it expect it review to be complete by the end of this year . on the capital investment front , it continue to believe invest new ride and attraction at it park be critical to drive long term growth . for 2015 , it capital program be at a peak level a $ 170 million drive in large part by the hotel breaker renovation project at Cedar Point , as well as aggressive investment project at Carowinds as it look to transform this park into it big park . give it confidence in the Charlotte market , it plan to continue to be aggressive in it capital investment at this park go forward . it capital plan will also continue to place and emphasis on build to scale in all of it project as it believe it differentiate it park and help to protect the integrity of it business model for year to come . the level of capital spending which align with it $ 500 million adjust EBITDA target be in the range of $ 130 million a year . this not only include new ride and attraction but also a continue investment in it park ’s infrastructure . spend above this level could occur if it identify incremental opportunity with compelling return . finally and most importantly , the remainder of it free cash flow will be return to it unit holder through increase distribution as it have historically do . it be proud of it ability to aggressively grow it distribution of the past several year and it believe it be well position with a solid sheet , appropriate liquidity reserve and a positive earning outlook to continue this trend go forward . to be clear , it goal remain provide a grow distribution in a steady and lin path . with that it now like to open up the call for question . Tracy ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it will go first to Afua Ahwoi .  .  . one question , first it think in past give the current fiscal year or calendar year guidance , hit in the first , so be there , why be there , can it share with it to help it think about , it think it ’ a long term guidance . and then the follow - up question on the - it think it mention be for the partnership establish product with all company of established production , be it talk about some sort of it or rise , it be just try to get more specific on that .  it . sure .  . so first let it linear little bit on 2015 . it do not want this audience to read anything into be not give annual guidance as to anything less than absolute confidence in where it end up in 2015 . so it have see over the course of time that forecast , be it necessarily as helpful as it use to be , maybe there be for certain analyst . by the way it will acknowledge . and so it have decide to go to the long term target . the other reason it want to do that be to make sure that it be make the good decision both short and long term . so it be not go to provide annual guidance anymore , it think that the long term guidance probably fill that bill . on the second question , be that group do include as part of that group , people who have be electoral property that it have start to establish relationship with that it think can have a unique role in it part and it be hopeful that that come to light with the next six month . and it will go next to Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities .  it . Matt , it just want to review the long term guidance , this be first question here . what revenue do it have bake into that or Matt or Brain either one . and then secondly , be it relate to overall season pass . Can it give it a little more color on the unit , be those trend year - over - year , the attach rate , the dining pass . and then any consideration it guy be give , it think it know it have say it would look at it and maybe just give it an update color relate to look at a more membership type modeling , it have the monthly payment available but more of the membership title model and what ’ do elsewhere in the industry ? Tim , it ’ Brain . it will tackle the first couple of part of that . as far as season pass trending , it - as it say on the call , it be very pleased with the early progress and trend that it have see not only in season pass in term of the number of unit , but also the season pass dining program that ’ be broadly roll out . it be not go to break out the level of detail between those but it can tell it from an adoption rate perspective at the park level , it be pace ahead of it original plan and strongly enough at certain park that it have already begin review take pricing up and in fact one park in particular and that ’ Berry Farm , it have take pricing up on that as that park but in daily operation from day one . so it feel very good about where it be both of those product line and initiative . as far as the long term guidance have concern , it talk to the 500 million of EBITDA line represent a 4 % cagr . it think it would expect something very similar to top line , maybe a little insight of that it be not push at this point or talk to grow margin dramatically at this point in time . that continue to be an area or metric of focus for it but it ’ not the end . so it will continue to make the right investment in the OpEx as it have talk as well as CapEx . but it think it can anticipate a top line growth rate that something close to that same 4 % . and then Tim , this be Matt .  . as to it other question about the potential of other program , season pass program , it have do a considerable amount of work . the ethic to it customer base and so it do not want to go into detail today about what the renewal program that will be . but at this point in time , it can anticipate that it path with be a little different than maybe other be do in the industry , because it think it consumer base be different . so it be excited about the program will roll out this fall and it will lead with that for this call . it will go next to Joel Simkins from Credit Suisse . Christie Frederick this be Christie Frederick for Joel . it just have a question about the increase distribution that it mention , how should investor think about an increase dividend versus potentially repurchase stock in the future . it will take that and Brain it can part along . look , the core investment of these be proceed be fairly remain a fact that it need to produce the optimal amount of free cash flow and continue to grow the distribution aggressively and sustainably . and so that be the priority at this point in time , stock buyback be not a priority on it list . Christie Frederick it will go next to Barton Crockett from FBR Capital Markets . Barton Crockett hi ,  for take the question . it be curious about the - about a couple of thing , one be how it see current forecast fund this year , it have such strong growth in the differ revenue type of season pass from the all season dining , it know sometimes that can difference the that ’ like a per capital that it see as it change the mix . do that a phenomena that it expect to see this year or not ? that ’ it first question . and it guess the second question that be here be , if it could give it some detail on the tax structure it reviewing and get that MLP relate or something completely different ? yeah , so Barton , it first question and - it be both good question it should say . it first question though , it do have a little high season pass mix in it attendance for the first quarter . but as Brain reference it also see increase in per cap spending in the park . so it be not experience that traditional phenomenon , it do a lot of work last year to understand season long spending of it season pass holder and it be approach at a little differently and again for purpose of this call , probably not appropriate to go into . but it have not see the dilution of the per cap yet even though it have a high mix of season pass hesitation so far this year . now again keep in mind , it ’ one small quarter and primarily now it ’ vary from . Barton , it ’ Brain . as it relate to the tax structure , it mean first let it remind everyone that the overall tax structure that it put back in place in 2006 with the park acquisition have be very efficient and beneficial to the company and it unit holder over the year . however as the business result have continue to grow , it have begin to use of those nol and benefit that from those nol have begin to dry out . so as it look at a various option , it more contemplate in a number of scenario of some of which where it would basically super charge it partnership structure . it think it have to remember the MLP structure be unique , asset up to Cedar Fair that it do not want to just walk away from . but as it look at super charge that structure to reduce the overall effective tax rate , keep in mind that the gross income that it earn under those partnership structure be subject to a PTP excise fact , so it ’ a zero some gain necessarily . so it will continue to do it homework . as it say on the call , it will be better position later year to comment on the direction of what it be go in , but there be certain limitation and certain thing that it have to keep in mind the excess tax and the PTP structure be one of those . and the fact that it have for an interest in the case of Canada ’s Wonderland that it will not be able to get necessarily out of the partnership structure , those be be into the partnership structure it should say . so there be go to certain asset that will always reside in the C - corp entity world and that will continue to be the case go forward . it will take it next question from Josh Borstein - Longbow Research . hi  , everyone .  for take it question here . it would mention it probably not likely to go towards the membership pass model and it reference the fact that it customer be a little bit different than maybe some of it regional part peer . it be just wonder if it can comment a little bit about how those - how it customer maybe a little bit different be because on the face of it it would seen that it customer should be similar to some of it regional peer .  . yeah , it will Josh , but obviously it do not have - the information it have be specific to it and it know that it have - that the datum it have within the case that it have a large percentage of family attend as family and that be one of the characteristic that differentiate it . it have also see through it research that it customer do not seem to have an appeal for certain device that be in membership system more broadly , not just in it industry . so it think it have other lever available to it that will encourage more renewal . the other thing it should say be what , it renewal rate have be grow very well for the last year and it credit that to it CRM system where it be now able to have an active and relevant dialog with each of it season pass holder particularly . in the new hotel platform it be go to put in place will be particularly effective with it season pass holder . so it think it be just - it can play different play book , our be just go to be a little different . great ,  it . and then just a follow - up , if it can talk about the advance booking for the hotel breaker , it sound like that ’ on schedule , just what that may say about the business prospect for the year . and in the press release it mention that catering adjacent to the hotel , could it discuss what it be if it ’ include those at the breaker , as it go to an add on option . so the second be the first , which be the catering facility in the hotel which it just walk yesterday be both go to be phenomenal asset . as the catering facility primarily service large ground would cater meal and so those of it trip group band , the company picnic and those pavilion be the scale now that will allow it to provide both well service and a well experience . and though that ’ it opening comment , it think it ’ important for people to get out to it park and walk these asset to understand perhaps what differentiate it . the hotel be the same thing , this hotel be go to allow it to jump start the multiday positioning towards Cedar Point , it be - it be maybe the most important invest that it have make over system it have do here . so it be encourage by that . the early season book trend be positive but it get it know again it ’ so small and the lead time for booking in it business be relatively short . so it do not want it to read too much into that , but the quality asset be dramatically different from what it be before . it will take it next question from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities .  it . just want to little bit of clarity on FX plan , just a little more color in the quarter have be more importantly for the year that relate to Canada ’s Wonderland ? sure Tim . as it relate to the quarter give Canada ’s Wonderland be not in operation . there be really no material or meaningful impact on Q1 . as it say in it year - end call , all depend on what ’ it outlook be for the canadian dollar long term . but base on the projection that it have see , it would estimate the potential impact at the EBITDA like could be somewhere between 5 million to 10 million for 2015 . so more than it be last year , but still in the grand scheme of thing not overly burdensome on the full year EBITDA . okay and if it may just circle back , it know again maybe that for slight component and there be variability in the focus on the long term here . but it booking that it be go achieve it full 50 goal for ’ 16 that ’ on track , that ’ ahead of plan , just any color on that would - the timing of that would that be expect towards that early then , be that material effectively say by ’ 15 and then it go on and focus more on ’ 18 , just anything it can offer there ? yeah , all it would say Tim be it feel very confident that it be go to find that milestone relatively shortly and all thing consider and that ’ why it move on to the $ 500 million . but all indication for 2015 be positive , it feel good not only about the program it put in the place but the people it have in place , thing like it CRM system , thing like the product it have introduce , rollercoaster here at Cedar Point , it be an outstanding coaster . so it know Tim it be lean into ’ 15 and hopefully it will see that . okay , great and that ’ it .  Matt . okay ,  it , Tim . [ Operator Instructions ] it will go next to Ray Cheesman from Anfield Capital . Matt , it be wonder if as it start this new season , be it expect to see any kind of those weather , school , calendar , challenge that some other park face last year ? it do not anticipate that right . Terrific . the other thing it wonder be , it again be stare a new season out of substantially low fuel cost or let it fuel bleed of the family ’s disposable budget , do it think that ’s have any impact on it with the renewal rate , growth rate or the addition of people addition on in all season dining pass to what it may have have before ? it know what it have traditionally say be when gas price go up , it do not seem to lose attendance . so it think within electoral integrity , it do not know that it be go to see incremental attendance associate with it . where it do expect to see be some in park spending in last just should gas price to stay down measurably , that ’ normally where it would experience that dynamic .  very much . and there be no other question at the queue at this time . it would like to turn the conference back over to it moderator .  first of all .  everybody for it question and it continue interest and ongoing support for Cedar Fair . as it be sure or hope it can tell from it comment today , it be proud of what it have accomplish over the past four year and even more excited about what be in store for it in the next four include 2015 , which it certainly expect to be another record year for Cedar Fair . finally it will say it encourage all it again to visit it park this summer and experience firsthand the Cedar Fair difference . 