today it will cover it first quarter result and provide more detail on key income driver in the quarter . it will also provide an update regard it full - year outlook for 2015 before it open the call up for it question . turn to slide eight , it want to highlight a few item on the income statement . unit volume increase 2 % in the quarter , with solid growth in three of it four business unit . the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currency reduce sale by almost $ 400 million year - over - year . gross margin improve 2.5 point to 23.8 % , and it SOI margin be 9.7 % for the quarter . it earning per share on a diluted basis be $ 0.82 . it result be influence by certain significant item , most notably the recognition of defer income associate with the termination of a licensing agreement relate to it former engineered product business . after adjust for these item , it earning per share be $ 0.54 . additionally in the first quarter , income tax expense increase follow the release of it U.S. valuation allowance at year end 2014 . as mention previously , it do not anticipate pay significant cash income taxis in the U.S. for approximately five year . as such , it have also provide an adjust EPS , exclude this incremental noncash tax expense for comparison purpose . for the quarter , the adjust EPS on that basis be $ 0.65 , up $ 0.09 versus last year on a comparable basis . the step chart on slide nine walk first quarter 2014 segment operating income to first quarter 2015 ; volume growth in the quarter create $ 23 million of increase year - over - year SOI . this be more than offset by the negative impact of high unabsorbed fix overhead cost , which be primarily relate to the fourth quarter warm weather drive production level in Europe . the combination of these two factor generate a net unfavorable impact of $ 6 million . low raw material cost of $ 46 million more than offset reduce price mix of $ 29 million for a net benefit of $ 17 million during the quarter . cost saving action of $ 68 million , drive by it operational excellence initiative , more than offset the $ 62 million negative impact of inflation , which be drive in part by Venezuela . foreign currency exchange be a headwind of $ 40 million , reflect the continue strengthening of the U.S. dollar , particularly against the euro . turn to the balance sheet on slide 10 , cash and cash equivalent at the end of the quarter be $ 1.6 billion , with a decline from year - end reflect the normal working capital seasonality in it business and a $ 200 million repayment on it U.S. term loan earlier in the year . this cash balance include $ 295 million of cash in Venezuela at the end of the quarter . free cash flow from operation be show on slide 11 . for the quarter it use $ 414 million of cash , improve about $ 100 million from the prior year , reflect the increase in earning . over the last 12 month it free cash flow performance have be strong at nearly $ 1.1 billion . move now to the business unit on slide 12 , it will start with North America . as Rich mention earlier , North America have another great quarter with record quarterly segment operating income of $ 198 million , which be the 23rd consecutive quarter of year - over - year earning growth and a clear example of a business create sustainable value . in addition to the 27 % increase in segment operating income , North America also achieve an operate margin of 10.7 % , an impressive milestone of four consecutive quarter above 10 % . North America ’s earning be drive by strong price mix versus raw material as it continue to focus on sell innovative , industry - lead tire that increase the value of the goodyear brand . the demand for it product have allow it to continue to improve it product mix while capture the decline in raw material cost . volume be up almost 2 % drive by strong replacement demand for Goodyear - brand consumer tire , include new product such as the Assurance All Season and the Wrangler All - Terrain Adventure , as the volatility associate with the speculative buying of chinese tire last year continue to work through the industry channel this year . as it have discuss in prior quarter , it continue to see strong demand for it premium brand consumer tire . it be leverage it global manufacturing footprint and invest in North America to meet the increase demand . it North America Commercial Truck volume also perform well in the first quarter . total truck volume be up 6 % . it be experience strong demand for it industry - lead fleet solution and fuel efficient tire such as the Fuel Max LHS steer tire . North America ’s result be evidence that it strategy of target profitable market segment be work . that include mix up end product through market - back innovation , price for the value of it tire , and control it cost . growth in North America be an attractive investment . Europe , Middle East , and Africa deliver segment operating income of $ 73 million in the quarter , a decrease of about 34 % over last year ’s $ 110 million . the impact of foreign currency translation and fourth quarter warm weather production cut reduce earning in the quarter by $ 55 million , more than explain all of the year - over - year decline . volume decrease about 2 % year - over - year . the volume decline be due to two factor . first , the discontinuation of it farm tire operation last year ; and second , increased competition concentrate within it economy segment in Central and Eastern Europe . this be where it have see additional pressure , drive by an increase in asian import . these headwind offset it volume and share increase year - over - year into HVA , Performance and SUV segment in the region . in Commercial Truck , it continue to experience a stable industry environment and it have gain share in replacement with the launch of it industry - lead new product such as Pay Max [ ph ] and Fuel Max . while it european business will continue to be challenge by foreign currency headwind throughout 2015 , it product portfolio be strong , and it team be take step to return it business there to high level of U.S. dollar profitability as the year progress . in Asia Pacific it first quarter volume of 5.7 million unit be about 9 % high than a year ago and be drive by strong consumer share growth in two of it large and fastest grow market : China and India . it Asia Pacific business report operate income of $ 67 million for the first quarter . the increase be mainly drive by volume growth partially offset by high conversion cost and low price mix versus raw material cost . overall volume in it Consumer business grow 14 % , with particular strength in OE , although it australian operation continue to see challenge relate to the weak macroeconomic condition in that country . in Latin America it volume increase about 10 % . it see strong growth in Consumer Replacement which more than offset the ongoing OE weakness in Brazil . segment operating income be $ 53 million for the quarter , $ 11 million more than the prior year . Latin America benefit from price mix versus raw material cost and high sale volume during the quarter , which be partially offset by high conversion cost and the impact of weak currency throughout the region . overall the increase in income be drive by improvement in it venezuelan business , which be up $ 28 million year - over - year . it may recall that in the first quarter of 2014 it venezuelan operation be negatively affect by labor negotiation that conclude in April of 2014 . in addition , the Commercial Truck industry in Latin America be severely impact by the recession - like condition in the region , with double - digit decline in both OE and Replacement in Brazil . while Latin America be it most volatile region , it leader be experience in manage through these period of uncertainty . in response to the rapid devaluation of the real , it team be act quickly to enable it to realize it overall value proposition and drive earning growth . on slide 13 and 14 it have update it full year model assumption for 2015 . it will notice that most of the item be unchanged from the planning assumption it outline on it February call . there be a couple of exception , namely incremental headwind and foreign exchange base on current spot rate and an improved outlook for Venezuela base on first quarter result . although it continue to see it full year volume growth in the 1 % to 2 % range , the second quarter comparable be tough give last year ’s 3 % growth , which be the strong quarter of the year . it continue to expect that the majority of it growth will be in the second half of the year . it now expect raw material cost to be 8 % low than last year before cost saving action due to slight increase in underlie raw material cost since February for carbon black and natural rubber . this also include the negative impact of currency on raw material transaction in it international business ; however it continue to see it full - year price mix versus raw material benefit at around $ 200 million , unchanged from it February outlook . for the second quarter , it expect price mix versus raw to be between $ 20 million to $ 50 million , as the majority of it year - over - year raw material benefit will occur in the second half . regard foreign currency translation , the dollar have continue to strengthen against major currency . as a result , it foreign currency headwind have increase and it now see a full - year impact of segment operating income of approximately $ 200 million , base on current spot rate . as per it outlook on Venezuela , it earn about $ 20 million in income from Venezuela during the first quarter . this be the outcome of experienced team on the ground , work tirelessly to gain access to U.S. dollar to produce tire and fulfill the strong local demand . unit volume in Venezuela be up approximately 200,000 unit during the quarter , reflect both the strong demand and last year ’s labor - relate product slowdown . it have anticipate it earning in Venezuela to be about zero for the full year , give the situation it face at year end . however in the first quarter , it be able to access sufficient U.S. dollar to pay for it import raw material . it be committed to it team and to it operation in Venezuela , where it have have a presence for more than 70 year . however , continue to expect or predict earning from Venezuela remain difficult . it have include $ 20 million of earning from Venezuela in the first quarter as part of it update segment operating income outlook for the year . while it can not predict exactly what will happen in future quarter , it belief be that it will become harder to generate income in Venezuela in the near future . additional financial assumption for 2015 be list on slide 14 , and each be consistent with what it have provide on it February year - end call . in summary , as it look at 2015 , it financial outlook have a few move piece but in total be unchanged as it continue to target 10 % to 15 % SOI growth for the year . it continue to execute on a balanced capital allocation plan and as part of that plan , it have an exist $ 450 million share repurchase authorization , and it have repurchase $ 233 million so far under it 2014 to 2016 plan . it be committed to repurchase additional share in 2015 and 2016 . it CapEx outlook remain unchanged as it new plant in Mexico be previously include in it outlook . now it will open the line up for it question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it can take it first question from David Tamberrino with Goldman Sachs . please go ahead . David Tamberrino hey .  . congrat on the quarter . David Tamberrino just curious , in North America , more specifically in the U.S. , how the pricing environment have be trend through the first quarter and the first month of April here just give the implement tariff on China import tire as well as the increase pricing by some manufacturer at the low end ? it know David , it would say that it continue to be very pleased with it approach in the market right now . obviously it be not go to speak specifically to pricing , but if it look at it quarter not only do it , it think Laura make this comment particularly in it remark , not only do it get improve mix in the quarter but it also have an ability to not give back all the raw material cost as well . so it think as it look at it performance in the quarter and the value proposition that it be put in the marketplace today in term of it new product , in term of the supply , what it see be the balanced equation that it put into the marketplace or the value proposition it put into the marketplace be one that it be get reward for regardless of the situation relative to tariff in the marketplace . so it view be that – it have a very positive outlook in term of it price mix versus raw material for North America . David Tamberrino okay . that ’ helpful . and then just on european volume , it mean that come in better than expect and it know it note some headwind that offset share gain in HVA and Premium , can it maybe expand on that share gain and really kind of talk to how much of that be potentially sell - in for summer tire ? and then how that summer tire sell - out in Europe have trend follow the Easter holiday ? David , it think the first quarter be always really not the most indicative of what ’ go to happen in the summer market . as it know Q2 and Q3 tend to be heavy on summer and heavy on winter , so it be a bit more indicative of let it say trend that it expect for the year . but it be right to point out and it be very pleased with it performance in sort of it key brand targeted market segment , particularly around Performance and SUV . and it be very happy with the volume that it have in the quarter . also it have headwind , as it mention as well , in Eastern Europe where it be see more volume come in of low cost asian or chinese tire , which be it think what it say in the past be indicative of sort of the location of that product just relocate around the world when it have tariff go on in another part of the world . and that ’ what it be experience there right now . it know , in term of summer season and winter season go forward , when it look at how the channel be right now , it think probably more winter inventory be sell out than it may have think when it talk to it the last time , but as it sit here and it look at what be three essentially warm winter over the past few year , it be certainly , again , work on a balanced equation to figure out how to handle the balance of the year . but it still feel like it be on plan for it european business at this point . David Tamberrino understand . and just follow up on that , it mean but with a couple of warm winter this past couple of year and not necessarily see the replacement or just the change out of tire , do that mean or do that indicate that it be potentially set up to see a pretty good summer tire sell season in Europe ? it know , David , it have not make any forecast particularly on summer or winter specifically . it think what probably give it more optimism in Europe be the fact that it be see a little bit of lift from a local economy perspective as it see the european economy get slightly well because of more competitive currency . it certainly hurt it in other way , but just sort of the economy that ’ indigenous to those consumer over there , it see a little bit of a lift . so that give it a little bit more optimism on the summer market . but Europe , as it say , it continue to see it as be a slow growth economy go forward , so a little bit better but it do not see any big uptick in summer tire . David Tamberrino  for take it question . and it can take it next question from Itay Michaeli with Citi . please go ahead . great .  .  , everyone , and congrat .  .  , Itay . yes ,  .  for all the detail today . obviously a lot go on , and reassure to see the confirmation of the full year SOI range . curious maybe it ’ not an easy question this early in the year but maybe do it have a bias at this point toward the low or high end of the range ? or maybe it can talk about some of the scenario that would lead to kind of low end versus high end ? clearly Venezuela seem to be go a little bit better than expect , but maybe just talk to that as it kind of look at 2015 . it know , itay , it think it may be the obvious comment but it think as it look at the quarter it be actually very , very pleased with the result . and it ’ not a way that it would continually choose to look at the quarter . but in it remark it think it say the underlie strength of it business would stay on sort of the currency - adjust basis the business be at about 16 % improvement year - over - year . so it say that it be do all the right thing . if it say what be those headwind relative to high or low end for the range out for the full year , clearly currency be go to be the big one that it ultimately have to deal with , and the other one be some of the headwind that the emerge market economy be see . it have get to work it way through those . but it think it be really external thing that it be go to have to work through that probably will impact it . great . and maybe one internal question ; it look like cost saving versus inflation , it be still at about $ 160 million for the full year . it think Q1 be a little bit kind of slightly positive . maybe talk about some of the initiative and the cadence of how it should think about that relationship for the rest of the year . sure . it will take that one . so it think the $ 6 million net in the first quarter it be still forecast and confident in the $ 160 million for the full year . it have a couple thing go on as it look at it by quarter , right ? so first of all in the first quarter last year , especially in place like Venezuela where it labor slowdown be cause it to have less cost it guess it would say in the factory , kind of as it look at it year - over - year cause it inflation number to be very high when it look at the just the first quarter . so as it go forward it see that $ 6 million building and expect really the big part of that $ 160 million to be in both Q3 and Q4 . and a lot of that be drive by operational excellence initiative , right ? these be one that it have talk about for quite a while , lay the foundation for those in several plant a few year back , and as that continue to roll out around the world , again very confident in the result . like it say not just an initiative for the day but something it have really plan on , work through and have methodically put through it plant . so all that say , kind of really give it confidence not a problem as it look at that $ 160 million for the full year . great .  for that detail . and two quick last one . one , the CapEx it know will start to ramp up with the new plant but do seem to be run a little bit low than the full - year plan . so maybe if it could comment on that ? and then secondly , any update at all on the Sumitomo arbitration dispute ? yes . so for CapEx it still expect the $ 1.1 billion for the full year . nothing to read into a little slow spend in the first quarter , it ’ just really timing of large equipment purchase and so on . so the $ 1.1 billion it feel be a very good number for 2015 as it go . and then really as for SRI and the arbitration process , there ’ nothing to comment on relate to that . it arbitration process can be quite lengthy . and it will work through that and it – where it be keep very confidential . great . very helpful .  so much and congrat again .  it , Itay . and it can take it next question from Ryan Brinkman . please go ahead . it line be open . yes .  for take it question . in the past it have call out soft demand for raw material in term of OTR tire as limit the benefit that it would have otherwise get from low commodity , be that a factor in 1Q as well ? and then can it remind it of the cadence of year - over - year OTR compare as the year progress , be 1Q it tough compare ? yes . it would tell it , Ryan , it be very pleased with the way the OTR business have perform in the quarter , and it would expect that for the year as well . it know it be right again to point out that last year it have that drop , if it will , as commodity price go down , but it be very pleased with it business team show the flexibility to switch some of it product that it be sell from the large , big 63-inch tire to some of the small tire that be still in demand in various part around the world . it be do a great job at it . and really as it sort of forecast last year , it do not see the big impact , the negative impact that it have last year . in fact it be pretty much on it plan . yes , exactly . so OTR in the first quarter again be not a significant positive or negative and it do not expect that at this point through the remain three quarter . okay . that ’ helpful . and then can it maybe go into a little great detail about what ’ drive the volume strength in North America ? it think most investor it speak to be brace for a decline there just give the hangover from tariff , pre - buy , even the RMA figure that everyone ’ see . and then just more generally , how should it think about the market share in the U.S. go forward ? how do it expect that to be impact by the tariff and then long - term by the rise percent of tire be HVA highlight on slide five ? so Ryan , it would tell it the performance both from a profitability standpoint and from a volume standpoint and it would say competitive standpoint in the market be really the result of the access that the team ’s put in place over the past number of year . so it would not have it think about volume in the sense of just one quarter . clearly it have a very good volume quarter in the context of demand for it HVA tire , but what it have do be build a business model there that ’ drive mix . it ’ now drive volume and drive a positive price mix at the same time at a time where it have more demand for HVA product than it can fill , and it would also say at a time where it have a very , very good book of OE business that ’ drive more consumer into the Replacement market to get those tire . that have not happen in one quarter or one year , it ’ a strategy it put in place , and in fact it ’ work very well . and it think it see that in the result . in term of the way to look at the industry , it guess the thought that it would leave it with be it have and will continue to play it game in term of volume . if it look at what ’ happen , and it ’ maybe a little bit lengthy response , but the industry volume have be really skew really go back to Q1 of last year , and it could argue before that , with the impact of the tariff . it have these big selling period that be follow by significant reduced industry purchase for selling , and dealer have load up , and when it comp those a year later it have sort of big share gain and big share loss . think about Goodyear in Q3 last year . it trail the industry . this quarter , Q1 of this year , it be ahead of the industry and that ’ because , it have get to follow it here , but in Q4 of 2013 as the tariff roll off , it have a big sell in into the channel . Q1 of 2014 dealer be not buy tire and it have a big dislocation again . so as it look at this , the way it have to look at it be not necessarily relative to how purchase pre - buy or restocking of low end tire impact the industry but rather how Goodyear be drive it business . it focus on sell out , it focus on mile drive , it focus on it brand , and that ’ how it have be play the game and that ’ how it be go to continue to play the game . and if it could forecast a little bit , it be go to see Q3 of this year an odd industry dynamic because remember last year it have a big sell in . Q1 next year it be go to see the opposite again of what ’ happen this year , more than likely . so it would say it focus on Goodyear , it focus on it customer , and it focus on delivering , and that ’ what ’ it be see in it result . great . that ’ super helpful . last question ’ a quick one . another volume question ; Latin America up 10 % , a lot well than the industry , what ’ drive the share gain there ? be it sustainable ? and how to think about chinese tire find it way there as well as Eastern Europe ? be the chinese more light vehicle heavy whereas it be more commercial vehicle in LATAM , how to think about that ? so it be glad it bring up Latin America . really it be thrill with the volume performance that it have have in Latin America this quarter and really build on the momentum that it put in place last year around put new product in place . it think it have 12 new product introduction last year . it have engage it dealer in a more aggressive way . it have have double - digit volume increase now in virtually every country in Latin America in the quarter follow on by significant volume increase last year as well . so as it look at the business model it be put in place and then add on top of that the announcement of a factory for the Americas in Latin America , it would say it be sustainable and it be something that have a lot of momentum right now despite what be obviously difficult economy in Brazil and Venezuela and in Argentina , but it be committed to the long term . and in term of chinese tire or low end tire , it do see a lot of those come into Latin America the last time it have tariff in the U.S. , but certainly with the decreasing – the devaluation of the currency in Latin America right now there be less import in there , which certainly be a benefit to it ; a benefit to all manufacturer – all local manufacturer in the region . great .  it . and it can take it next question from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank . please go ahead .  , Rod .  , everybody . a couple thing ; it be hope it can kind of give it a feel for the price mix versus raw material variance , the net of those two kind of on a regional basis , sound like North America be really good . when it look at the other region , be that a drag or be that kind of neutral at this point ? it know , Rod , it typically do not break it down in a great deal by region , but it think certainly North America be very good . and maybe a way to answer it , answer it in a little bit more color as it look at Latin America , for instance , it have a situation in Brazil where it struggle a bit more because as it be see there , the decrease in raw material be actually turn into a bit of a headwind give the decrease of the currency there . so what it be see in Latin America be not a strong price mix versus raw material , or at least in Brazil it should say , because of it ability to recover that raw material cost in the decrease currency environment . so it have get that go on there . it expect that it will be able to deal with that but again , it know this from follow it , it ’ hard to recover that type of cost or that type of pricing for those raw material in a give quarter . so it will manage through that as it go forward . yes . and no doubt , maybe to give a little color for it , it can probably look at it and say listen , Europe and Asia more flat price mix versus raw . Latin America positive , but really the driver be North America . great . and it look like it update raw material guidance with calibrate around 480 million on a gross basis for the full year . it have $ 48 million in Q1 . be that something that it should think about kind of steadily increase quarter to quarter ? or be there a little bit of unusual cadence there ? yes , that ’ a good question . so it have about $ 30 million in the fourth quarter . this be $ 46 million here in the first quarter . it do expect that as it move through the P&L that that benefit will increase as it go through the remain quarter . okay . and lastly , it be a bit surprised by the percentage of the market on slide five that it be allocate to HVA tire just because it think that some other definition may be somewhat different . have it change the definition of what an HVA tire be to get it over 52 % of the market at this point ? no , Rod . it it think put a definition out back in it think it be 2010 , something like that , and that ’ the one it be stick with , understand the point that it ’ a word it have try to define . and someone may choose to define it different , but that ’ how it have define it and it continue to stick to that . okay . all right . great .  it . and it can take it next question from Robert Higginbotham with SunTrust . please go ahead . Robert Higginbotham  .  , everyone .  , Robert .  , Robert . Robert Higginbotham it first question be around price versus raw mat . it talk about it gross raw mat saving maybe be a little bit less for the year than it talk in the prior quarter . so it be first wonder kind of what be the offset that it see in price mix that still get it to that same annual net guidance . and just to make sure it hear some of it quarterly comment right , do it hear that 2q net price versus raw mat it expect it to be in the $ 20 million to $ 15 million range and that that would be the big of the year ? it be try to reconcile that with that $ 200 million expectation . let it see , so for the first quarter it have the $ 17 million . it think again it quite diverse market around the world but it be expect $ 20 million to $ 50 million in the second quarter . and then the rest will get it to the $ 200 million for the full year . Robert Higginbotham okay . it just think it hear it say that 2q would be it big of the year . maybe it misunderstood . oh , no , no . all it do be give a range for q2 of between $ 20 million and $ 50 million , but it ’ not the big of the year . Robert Higginbotham got it . and then so on the first part of that though to that extent that it gross raw mat saving will be a little less than it have previously expect , what be the offset it be see in price mix whether it ’ the pricing environment , it mix of product , et cetera ? yes , it know , unfortunately there ’ no succinct answer to that , right , just a lot of different move piece . the 8 % versus 10 % as it in February talk about raw material be down year - over - year , as the dollar strengthen it ’ really reduce it raw material benefit , and about two - third of that be U.S. dollar denominate . but as it move through the year , it will get some of that back as it go , but really the offset in price mix , but again all these diverse market all over the world , product mix even within consumer replacement and so . again in total , feel good about the $ 200 million of full year . Robert Higginbotham got it . and then somewhat of a housekeeping item on the quarter ; one of the big variance versus it model be the other category in it SOI bridge . Could it give it a little bit more color on what be in that ? some of that it believe be Amiens , maybe $ 15 million to $ 20 million or so , but what be the other big chunk of that bucket ? yes . so of course as other always be there ’ just a large list of thing that go in there , but it would probably say the two big item in there , as it mention , be Amiens . that be be about $ 8 million in the first quarter . it still expect $ 20 million for the full year , but as it think about it exit of the farm tire business be what kind of change which quarter that $ 20 million show up in . but a big piece of the $ 41 million of other be relate to Amiens . and the other maybe $ 12 million to $ 13 million it would just categorize as kind of structural change it make in some of it pension plan , it know , not just in the U.S. as well as in place like the U.K. that have give it a benefit also as part of that $ 41 million . Robert Higginbotham all right . and one last question . what ’ it updated view on capacity growth around the globe , both HVA and non - HVA , LVA product ? it do not think it have any real change , Robert , in term of it view . it will tell it as it have go through and make the announcement for it Americas factory last week , it have a very lengthy assessment internally , as it may imagine , go through both an assessment of supply demand global on HVA . and LVA , as it know , it tend to be , it have to be very frugal with it cash and very analytical about the investment that it make . and as it look at it , it look at the industry demand by tire type , it look at what it competitor be do from a capacity standpoint , it look at when that capacity ’ come on line and it still conclude that the demand for HVA tire be there for the industry and certainly as it look at it customer ask it for more of Goodyear - brand HVA product , it be very comfortable with the decision it have make . and it think very – have a very thoughtful process to get to the conclusion it come to , to invest in that new factory . Robert Higginbotham okay .  it . and it will take it next question from Emmanuel Rosner with CLSA . please go ahead . Emmanuel Rosner hi ,  , everybody . hello , Emmanuel . how be it ? Emmanuel Rosner good . how be it ? Emmanuel Rosner so it first question be on the volume growth . it be off to a very strong start to 2015 , probably at the high end of what it be say for the full year . and it guess it question be around how sustainable do it view this solid growth as it go through the year ? be it really mostly a function of easy comp and then maybe catch up from sell few tire in the past few quarter because of the chinese pre - buy ? or have it really just turn a corner in term of it refocus away from less attractive business and now it can really see some real strong underlying trend in it number ? well , it know , Emmanuel , it would say again that it be on the strategy that it have put forward . it strategy , as it know , be always not to pursue volume for volume sake and it strategy have be to focus on sell in it targeted market segment where it can get value for the goodyear brand . and it can confirm to it that , that will not change in term of how it be look at it volume growth over the period . and it would say that it 1 % to 2 % volume forecast , it be very comfortable with it at the moment . it would say in North America clearly in the quarter there be an impact relative to Goodyear ’s performance versus the industry and just the sway of pre - buy , but if it look at it around the world , the comment it make in Latin America , it be gain a tremendous amount of traction there . Asia it have very good growth in both the Consumer Replacement and the Consumer OE business there . and again back to North America , it think the demand for it product remain very , very strong . it have see that in the quarter , and it only see that increase . so certainly it would say that the progress that it have see be something that it have be work toward and it expect to deliver . Could it be at the high end of the range ? Could it be above 2 % ? look , that ’ not something it be willing to forecast at this point . what it be do be focus on the plan that it put in place , and it be very comfortable with the guidance that it have give . Emmanuel Rosner okay . and then second question on the pricing piece of it SOI walk . it be a little bit surprised by the , it guess , small magnitude of the price decline . it be talk about price mix on the growth basis . it have be use to anywhere between $ 70 million to $ 100 million per quarter in each past of the two year , and right now it be really talk about a really small price decline or it guess price mix decline . be it really a function of well pricing trend or be it really more the mix ? yes , it know , one thing that while it talk earlier that OTR for it in 2015 will not be a negative year - over - year , last year OTR be a big driver , a negative driver , in mix , if it will recall . and it think actually it can not remember second or third quarter be quite a large number , almost $ 100 million for the full year . so it think that ’ one of the thing that be different as it look at 2015 . that ’ a big diver of why it ’ different this quarter . Emmanuel Rosner okay . that ’ very helpful . and then maybe final one on the european margin ; obviously there ’ some currency headwind but the margin take a little step back . do it still believe that it can get back to the historical margin level by next year or be it more complicated with the current currency level ? yes , it know what , while there be currency the other thing that be a big driver of that in the first quarter be the weather , right ? so the warm weather in the fourth quarter that cause it production cut hit the P&L in the first quarter . so that be really the big driver for Europe in term of it margin . now again as Rich mention , it feel very good about what it have do in it targeted market segment there . so it think as it move forward , none of the overhead that ’ hit the P&L in the first quarter should not be anywhere near as severe . 