it want to welcome Mike Sicoli , it new Chief Financial Officer , who recently join GTT to lead it finance team . many of it already know Mike through it year in the communication industry . it be a high caliber executive , and it look forward to it contribution to execute it growth and capital market strategy . it first quarter 2015 performance be strong , as it deliver another quarter of revenue and adjust EBITDA growth . revenue increase 31 % from last year , drive largely by UNSi which it acquire in October . it also deliver organic growth in the quarter with revenue increase 1.2 % sequentially on a constant currency basis or just under 5 % on an annualize basis . it record strong new sale and install in the quarter and it churn rate be in the mid-1 % range . it revenue growth in the quarter be below it annualize 8 % to 10 % goal though it see excellent growth prospect for it combine business go forward , so it still expect to be in the 8 % to 10 % range for the full year . gross margin in the quarter continue to expand nicely , another 250 basis point year - over - year as it integrate UNSi , achieve further core network efficiency , and continue to sell and install new service with gross margin in the 60 % range . this increase in operating leverage help it drive adjust EBITDA up by 32 % from last year , and 10 % from last quarter . it integration of UNSi be complete in the fourth quarter and it see additional benefit of these cost synergy reflect in first quarter report result . UNSi be highly strategic to GTT and the answering to it value proposition to multinational client by expand it portfolio of cloud networking service , and it be pleased to report that it can now add UNSi to the long list of successful acquisition by GTT at 5x to 6X or well on a multiple prosynergy ebitda . it value proposition and growth opportunity be even further strengthen by complete the acquisition of the MegaPath manage service business which provide private wide area networking , internet access service , manage service and lend security to over 500 large multinational client . this be a significant strategic scale move for GTT . as it disclose previously , in 2014 MegaPath generate recur revenue of approximately $ 124 million and adjust EBITDA of approximately $ 20 million . integration be well underway and it announce it organizational plan this week . on March 31 , GTT have approximately 300 full time equivalent employee and once the MegaPath organizational integration be complete this quarter , it will have approximately 500 employee . it expect the system and network integration to be complete within the second and third quarter of 2015 and it expect to realize the full financial benefit by the fourth quarter of 2015 . with MegaPath , as with all of it previous M&A activity , it hear to it proven template and therefore expect to deliver a post synergy ebitda multiple of 5x to 6X or well . as it have discuss on it last call MegaPath be a terrific strategic win for it . it expand it network connectivity and client rooster leverage the broadband datum offering acquire through UNSi , further expand it cloud networking service and manage service , particularly in multi - tiered manage security service and give it an experience sale , client service engineering , and operation team . therefore it offer very strong potential for cross sell revenue opportunity by expand internationally with multinational client , particularly those with high capacity offer it broaden suite of cloud service across it entire client portfolio and strengthen it competitive positioning in certain industry vertical . the retail segment be a good example of this ; now that GTT be one of the large PCI compliant backbone in the world it can offer connectivity , Wi - Fi , and high capacity solution that provide additional layer of security at the point of sale to it retail customer who need ever increase bandwidth . finally , the economic to the MegaPath model be strong with growth margin that run high than it historical company average because of it great concentration in manage service . as it know , a central element of it growth strategy be to expand it gross margin in part by increase it revenue contribution derive from manage service which carry high margin , and this be an important lead forward in this direction . Mike will discuss the financing of MegaPath in it prepared remark , and it would like to extend it  to it lender who have continue to work with and support it debt financing need as it have grow . in all , it be off to a great start in 2015 , it growth strategy execution be work and the element of it strategy remain the same , to expand cloud networking service to multinational client , to extend ubiquitous network connectivity to any location in the world and with any application in the cloud , and can deliver outstanding client experience by live it core value of simplicity , speed and agility . it will execute it growth strategy organically and through selective acquisition . in term of organic growth , it sale force now combine with MegaPath number approximately 80 core team member . invest in organic growth mean invest in it sale team and it objective assume continue performance be to approach the 100 by year end . with a high concentration and growth potential with both existing and new client in manage service which require more customer premise equipment to properly service , it be now expect it CapEx to be slightly as a percent of revenue go forward , likely in the range of 4 % to 5 % of revenue compare to the 3 % it have target in the past . still , it business model will remain CapEx wide [ ph ] as it drive increase return and cash flow to extend EBITDA margin and revenue growth . on the acquisition front , it will continue to identify small transaction that allow it to add product , customer basis or network location in under penetrate segment or geography that support additional growth with it strong value proposition . it will also continue to look for large strategic acquisition that further scale it business and increase it global competitive position with a strong pipeline of excellent target . with MegaPath it be near it previously state financial objective of $ 400 million in revenue and $ 100 million in adjust EBITDA , with increase credibility from large scale , a unique value proposition serve multinational , and a prove growth strategy , it be very well position for continued growth . now it will turn the call over to Mike Sicoli for review of the financial .  , Rick , and  . it be very happy to be join the GTT team in such an exciting time for the company with tremendous opportunity for both organic and strategic growth ahead . it look forward to get out on the road in the come week and month and talk with many of it who be on the call today . let it start with the income statement . revenue of $ 62.4 million grow 31 % year - over - year compare to $ 47.5 million in the first quarter of 2014 , and decrease to 0.5 % from $ 62.7 million in fourth quarter 2014 . the year - over - year increase be drive primarily by the acquisition of UNSi , and the sequential decrease be due to foreign currency translation . in constant dollar , Q1 revenue actually grow by 1.2 % compare to Q4 . gross margin of 39.5 % increase to 250 basis point from first quarter 2014 and 150 basis point from fourth quarter 2014 , as GTT complete the integration of the UNSi network and continue to install high margin service . it expect gross margin to move higher this year drive by MegaPath high margin , and as it continue to sell and install high margin service . SG&A exclude non - cash stock be 21.7 % as a percent of revenue which be high than the year ago figure of 19.3 % but slightly below fourth quarter 21.8 % . the increase from a year ago result primarily from the acquisition of UNSi , while the slight sequential decrease be the result of realization of synergy from UNSi partially offset by seasonal increase in payroll taxis and year end audit fee . base on all these factor , adjust EBITDA of $ 11.1 million grow 32 % compare to $ 8.4 million in the first quarter of 2014 , and 10 % compare to fourth quarter of 2014 . the currency impact to adjust EBITDA be nominal as it cost to nomination offer a natural hinge . while weak foreign currency low it revenue , it also lower it cost of revenue and SG&A expense . unleveraged free cash flow define as adjust EBITDA less CapEx be $ 7.7 million in Q1 compare to $ 6.7 million in Q1 last year , and $ 7.4 million in Q4 . capital expenditure in the quarter be $ 3.4 million or 5.5 % of revenue drive by equipment upgrade in it core IT network . as Rick mention , CapEx go forward be now expect to be in the 4 % to 5 % of revenue range on an annual basis , high than it previous 3 % target due to equipment purchase necessary to support it manage service business . let it move to the balance sheet . as of March 31 , it cash balance be $ 52.1 million and it outstanding debt balance be $ 122.3 million . as Rick mention earlier , on April 1 , it close the acquisition of the MegaPath manage service business for $ 152.3 million , at close it pay $ 134.8 million in cash and the assumption of capital lease , as well as approximately 611,000 share of it common stock value at $ 7.5 million . it will pay the remain $ 10 million in purchase price on the first anniversary of close subject to certain reduction , include any indemnification claim . for the cash portion of the consideration , it use cash on - hand of $ 28.2 million and raise the balance through an amendment to it credit agreement which increase the size of the term loan , the revolving credit facility and the uncommitted incremental credit facility . it also extend the credit agreement maturity to five - year from the closing of the amendment and all other term remain substantially the same . it debt structure today be a $ 230 million term loan , $ 25 million revolving credit facility which be currently undrawn , and $ 50 million uncommitted incremental credit facility . on a pro forma basis for MegaPath and the amend credit agreement include expect cost syngergie , it leverage ratio as of first quarter 2015 would have be just above 3X , well within it target range of 3X to 4x. it first quarter result show that it be execute very well on it prove growth strategy , and it think it be well position to continue to deliver solid performance in 2015 . with that it will turn the call back over to the operator who will take it question . operator ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it will move first to James Breen with William Blair .  for take the question , just a couple , one on the growth rate . Rick , it talk about get a little bit under 5 % year - over - year , do it see - when it close a transaction , do it see any attrition or revenue - be there certain percentage of revenue in the transaction that it just let turn off because it be not core ? and then secondly , with synergy around UNSi , be it sort of fully through that at this point ? and then , as MegaPath close on April , how do it see those synergy break out from a timeline perspective , should it realize the full effect of that by the third quarter ?  . Green ,  it very much for the question , it will take it in order . the first one in term of the integration - at time it be report on the call that it have see some non - strategic revenue , it do see a little bit of that with UNSi but not significant , and it would say in the first quarter as it take a business that effectively be reasonably flat despite shrink the UNSi base , it be go to integrate it and it see as it mention on the call , the ability to continue to grow at it aggregate growth rate in total with UNSi at 8 % to 10 % . it be a little bit slow in the fourth quarter net install which contribute to slightly low than it overall growth on a constant currency basis of just under 5 % but it see a tremendous backlog in it business and as it enter into the first quarter , some really great sale result , very nice , very positive net instal backlog and the ability to grow the combine business at a very nice rate move forward . so it do expect the full year to widen that 8 % to 10 % organic growth rate . same thing it would say - let it help it with UNSi last on the MegaPath side , same thing there , it usually thoroughly indication be that very high quality revenue stream , fantastic client base , have historically be a fast grower but again with the integration of this business it expect that it can actually grow the aggregate business overall at the 8 % to 10 % rate . it have see some good early sign from that , it be - to it third question , well along in the integration , it have announce all of the organizational integration , it have one go to market consolidation organization at this stage , so it have take some of those SG&A synergy . it still expect that it would be a step function and it would realize some of the synergy in the second quarter , it would realize some of the synergy in the third quarter , more on the third quarter and that all of it will be bake in by the fourth quarter of this year . so it see a nice star step of synergy on top of the base , $ 20 million and annualize EBITDA contribution that it see , so it would do expect some in second quarter , some in third , and the fourth quarter . and then to it second question about UNSi , similarly there , it see a nice - some synergy in the third quarter - fourth quarter , excuse it , it see more this quarter in that $ 11.1 million that it report . the full effect be not there , it be look for some incremental in the second quarter as well , overlay on top with MegaPath , so all of it will be bake in as it say in that 5x to 6X or well range by the second quarter , this current quarter . great ,  it very much . it will now take a question from Scott Goldman with Jefferies .  , guy . it guess two - one a quick follow - up on that last one , Rick it commit to the 8 % to 10 % organic growth on sort of fully order base , that it have now . it be wonder if maybe it can help it think about the acceleration from here in net growth , be it come predominantly out of the legacy business , be see good cross selling and the benefit that it expect out of the UNSi , and how quickly it can ramp up sort of the cross sell on the MegaPath side ? and then , secondly it would love to hear it thought just in term of the pipeline of M&A deal , how comfortable it be with what it see out there and particularly , maybe some commentary , maybe even from Mike it think have some background in this area , around the recent five - year deal that it have see in the marketplace and the valuation it be see there .  . so it will take the question on the growth , it will ask Chris McKee , who be with it to comment on the pipeline and then Mike to comment on M&A as well . the growth , yes , it see the ability to take on consolidate on a pro forma basis , roughly $ 375 million for it business with the consolidation of it core process , $ 124 million or current revenue from MegaPath , and be able to grow that on consolidated basis at the 8 % to 10 % range . and it see that in a number of different way , it see some tremendous progress with the original GTT business and it value proposition of sell to multinational client or broad historic [ ph ] portfolio , cloud networking service in all of the new account , both from the UNSi acquisition and the MegaPath acquisition , it see opportunity in two - and really three significant area , the first one be simply with high capacity service , it mean one of the large internet and IT backbone in the world , and it have particular expertise in sell high capacity , 100 Megabits , 500 megabit , gigabit , 10 gigabit speed connection and historically be not the strength of either UNSi or MegaPath . so it have a significant portfolio of high capacity service that it can actually now sell to these client . likewise , it have historically be very focused domestically in the United States , it have run a worldwide global platform and it see tremendous upsale opportunity to sell to the retail branch location of many of these brand that be now trust partner of our , to grow it internationally . likewise , it have see the ability to reach - now that it have a very ubiquitous domestic broadband platform to be able to deliver it client in retail office location for the exist historic GTT base . so it have see some really nice opportunity to sell to small office location , and part of it broad cloud network . and it would say the last trend that it be very excited about be the increase in demand at retail level that it talk about on it prepared remark of client who continue the need to upgrade security offering to comply with the evolve PCI datum security standard , now 3.1 , 3.2 ; and so it see increase demand on bandwidth and manage service in all of it retail client . and clearly as it continue to expand manage Wi - Fi solution , get access more sophisticated mobile client sale solution for retailer , the demand on the high size be grow as well . so it see nice upgrade opportunity , the pure bandwidth demand of it client increase . so across all of that it feel very bullish about it ability to grow at 8 % to 10 % . it will let Chris who can selective acquisition as part of it strategy talk about that [ ph ] . yes , it think it question about sort of what it see in the fall , what it see be opportunity ; it connect to take it go forward . and it think probably it be happy with sort of the size of fall , it would say as compare with probably a year or two there be more opportunity sort of in the overall follow - on more that it be in some form of look at and put it under consideration , so it think it see Mike will speak directly to sort of what be go in the fiber industry and sort of the consolidation trend it see there . it see that in sort of it target environment as well , which be a number of very good target , no sign of dwindle number and that it would say - again , what happen to the total number and size of the potential target that it look at continue to increase and it feel very bullish about it ability to - as Rick say , to refine selective acquisition to accelerate it growth . and it will take the question on the fiber industry . it see the recent move as a very strong signal in the expect growth of bandwidth demand and crowded option . it model be little bit different be CapEx wise , but it be focus on and benefit from the same trend . when it look at it free cash flow as a percent or revenue , it compare nicely to those more CapEx intensive business and it think it be a result of those key trend that be go at the end user level . so it think it be good for everyone in this sector . great , it appreciate it guy take the question . it will now take a question from Michael Bowen with Pacific Crest .  it very much for take the question , welcome [ ph ] Mike . a couple if it may , it just want to clarify on the 8 % to 10 % organic revenue growth , it be assume that be on a constant currency basis and then depend upon it answer do that - do it have any thought on what be it overall FX impact maybe for 2015 ? and then with regard to CapEx , can it give it a little bit of insight into what type of CapEx will be add to support the manage service business , as to embark upon that this year ? and then lastly on MegaPath have well gross margin than - in particularly than UNSi , and it think better than it legacy business , can it help it kind of decide how it be think about the sequential gross margin increase for the overall business in 2015 ?  . it will take the first two and then Mike take further , the constant currency basis and the gross margin sort of , with mix . on the 8 % to 10 % , yes , that will be constant currency basis move forward to - depend on the fluctuation in the euro and the pound , it would have - but it would expect on a constant currency basis to be able to move at 8 % to 10 % move forward . so it think it be at little - 52 on the pound and 13 on the euro for average rate during 1q depend on where it go . on a normalized basis that will have impact a little bit , it be not sure , it will let Mike comment on the full year regard where it see it . on CapEx , the beauty of it model be , almost all of it CapEx be success base and so that the growth , the CapEx that it see in the core this quarter be purely drive by traffic growth on the quarter , it have a next generational core , and it just continue to put in put forward as it grow to accommodate traffic . so that generally tend to be success base , and it be historically run as it mention around 3 % of revenue . the manage service business which it believe be a fantastic addition to it current net ' 14 portfolio , again it be success base , it be the degree see that - result manage service that require manage router , manage firewall , concentrator to provide secure transaction layer service , access to customer application , again success base concentrator ; all of that capex it would expect to be success base move forward and will generate very high recur long term contract and MRR contract revenue . and so , it simply see an opportunity post MegaPath to continue to accelerate - let it say on manage service portfolio , it will represent a high portion of it business , and as a function of that it be update and upgrade it guidance just slightly to 4 % or 5 % give the grade of portfolio of opportunity it see to sell managed service to existing and new client . with that say , it will turn it over to Mike for constant currency basis and the trend it see for gross margin . so from it currency standpoint it would say two thing , one be , as it move ahead and there be more UNSi in the base and now layer it MegaPath be much high index to the U.S. than it be historically . so the topline impact as a percent of the total will decline just by virtue of the mix of what it have add . Rick mention , that it be just over $ 1 million of impact from Q4 to Q1 , it be a pretty big move and rate from Q4 to Q1 , it do not know that it would expect that level to continue throughout the whole year but that probably still a little bit unfavorable in Q2 relative to Q1 because it exit Q1 at a pretty low level . and then it feel pretty stable at this point as it lookout through the rest of the year . the year - over - year comparison will still be quite favorable due to the high rate last year but it would not expect it to be any more than what it see in Q1 in any give quarter . regard the gross margin question , it think what it say before be that the manage service business have a high gross margin than the GTT legacy business , and so it will see a pro forma gross margin higher than what it have report historically . it do not think it provide specific around that and so it be not able to do that today , but it will be high and further it would say that the new service that it be sell on both side be even high gross margin than what the pro forma base number will be . so it would expect that whatever gross margin it report out in Q2 that will continue to march high overtime for two reason ; one , because the new revenue be at high gross margin , but two , it continue to take cost out of the core network and some of the other part of the business . Rick mention earlier , for example , virtually all of the synergy that it get out of these deal come in the first two quarter but there be long tail item like product consolidation and rate consolidation and optimization that can hit either one to two year out into the future depend on how long it take to identify the saving and execute it . so it definitely feel that gross margin will improve overtime , even after it be layer MegaPath . alright ,  it .  it , Michael . [ Operator Instructions ] it will now move to Barry with Hamilton [ ph ] . Unidentified Analyst  , gentleman . it guess the first question for Mike , and welcome aboard Mike . it speak a little faster than it could write , but if it could go back and give it a snapshot of what the balance sheet look like pro forma for the transaction close April 1 in term of cash , debt and share account ? sure . it use $ 28 million approximately of cash on hand , that be reflect in the March 31 balance . the March 31 be - it would subtract out 28 to give it the pro forma for that piece . and as it relate to the debt , there will be about $ 2.30 million of term loan and another $ 3.5 million or so of Cap lease that be assume . and [ cross talk ] a large revolver at $ 25 million , and a large incremental on committed credit facility , $ 50 million . Unidentified Analyst in share account ? yes , $ 34.8 million . Unidentified Analyst of the current outstanding ? correct , and that include 610,000 share that it issue in conjunction with the transaction of that $ 5 million . Unidentified Analyst okay . Rick , a question for it , just go back the organic growth that it see in the first quarter , first , if it could tell it how many sale people it have drive that number ? and then secondly , it just want to make sure it understand correctly , it talk about some installation that it would expect to do in the fourth quarter it do not happen , so obviously the revenue do not show up for the full quarter in 1Q. be that really the only factor and otherwise be the sale force drive that 8 % to 10 % organic growth in term of it booking ? yes , a couple of thing want the direct - it be just under 70 on it last call , so it finish around there and now it be around 80 on a net basis , post the integration of MegaPath . so with the objective of grow that sale force to close to 100 by year end . so within that sort of 70 range , that it be at through most of the quarter , and it would say and through most of the first quarter , the first quarter result be heavily drive by - instal through the fourth quarter in the first month , and then in the first month of the integration as it mention before , as it put the organization together , sometimes it see , sometimes it do not , sometimes it do see just a little bit of a slowdown . and it see a little bit of that come out of the fourth quarter , it actually have now come into the second quarter , an incredibly healthy backlog , a great backlog of order , not instal service . it have great , sort of instal result in the first quarter it . and so it see some nice performance come through the rest of the year , it fully integrate UNSi ; it be go through the MegaPath integration right now . as it mention before , it great cross sell upselling opportunity in that base and it be very bullish on it ability to grow the combine business , the combined footprint of business now in both GTT and MegaPath at that 8 % to 10 % rate . so it feel very good about where it be - it feel very good about where it be with the completion of UNSi acquisition , it feel good with where it be in the progress on the MegaPath acquisition , it actually complete all the organization within about 30 day . and so it believe it have a very strong goal core to market , very outstanding team across sale , service , delivery , sale engineering , account management , network operation and engineering , so it think it have a seller team to take to market . Unidentified Analyst okay . and then just to get the elaboration if it could on the comment that it be close in on year ago on long term , only $ 400 million in revenue , a $ 100 million in EBITDA . if it do the math , pro forma in MegaPath receive some organic growth , it can see get to that revenue number - if it do the same math on EBITDA , it be not quite clear how it get to $ 100 million give the exist business and the acquisition it have just close . be MegaPath go to be a much , much high ebitda margin pro forma than perhaps the other ? well , couple of comment , it mean clearly as it announce in November of 2013 it establish next financial objective to grow it business to $ 400 million and $ 100 million EBITDA , not ultimate goal , just it next financial objective have achieve in the third quarter of 2013 , a $ 30 million EBITDA run rate . so that be it previous call to establish in January of 2011 . so have achieve that goal it set a new one for it , and it say it would occur with a combination of organic growth in selective strategic acquisition . so it think [ indiscernible ] particular acquisition it think it be an excellent one , it will help that further and make materially close to those goal that would necessarily saw that it would achieve it from this acquisition it . so however as it know it , it think it be materially close around the topline now than it would be on the bottom - line but it still believe that next financial objective be achievable in the near term , it make it another selective acquisition that would carry it over the top on that goal but that be - but it feel very comfortable with where it be both through the top and bottom line growth of it business . and so it see tremendous synergy opportunity , it mention before , it believe as it note for the first time today in it prepared remark that it believe that this acquisition MegaPath will be right within it traditional goal of 5x to 6X or well , and it at - mention at UNSi it think - it would love to see or better comment play as well . Unidentified Analyst okay , that be very helpful .  it very much , Rick . [ Operator Instructions ] it will now move to George Sutton with Craig - Hallum .  it . one of the thing it be most excited about relative to the MegaPath acquisition be the manage security offering , and it have not hear it address that relative to the opportunity to cross sell . Can it just give it a sense of what it have see on that side ? sure , it mean there really a multi [ ph ] security offering award on a number of different dimension , it mean clearly network base firewall offering , network base intrusion detection service , a premise base firewall , one of the real key that the payment card industry continue to tighten the payment card industry standard , the datum security standard ; and it be one the large payment card industry complaint network in those , in the globe it process well over 100 million credit card transaction annually on it backbone and one of the thing for many of it client have - in addition to have network base security , have premise base security be go to become more and more important . so it see opportunity to continue to upgrade it client with the premise base security offering . one of the real interesting product it also - it be part of the manage portfolio , be a transaction layer secure product which allow a remote user base to access on a custom basis different application within a corporate enterprise , and so it see the ability to deploy unique concentrator for client to allow in a way theory of user group , whether it be employee or other outside party , partner , business partner etcetera , deploy this . and it see some real interesting demand from some of it exist client for those service . so it be very excited about it , it be actually one of the reason as it mention that it think it capex - because this all require it to buy the equipment , deploy it , manage it , provide timely report to client through it portal , all of that will increase slightly it CapEx as a percentage of revenue but all on a success base basis . Rick it be wonder that all it quote competitor be sell the entirety , the offering there some specialization . it do not give - quarter variance [ ph ] , excuse it , generally as it have talk about in the past George , it segment it portfolio - really three major category , it have a series of folk that focus on sell to carrier , so carrier will probably historically on a pro forma basis be down about 33 % of it business , probably close to 25 % move forward , give the high enterprise mix for MegaPath . but it have a great value proposition sell off - net extension or part of wide area network lane for multinational enterprise , two carrier directly , as well as it be a very large internet backbone , it sell it trend , high capacity internet service to carrier around the globe , and that be what a focus sale force focus on directed carrier , generally those two offering . it have it small medium base legacy , probably about 10 % of it revenue stream and it have a series of small end that support and care for that , generally a non - strategic part of it base , the lion share of it business be the multinational enterprise selling course . so it believe that it value proposition , and as it sell to enterprise , it truly have a well way for it to reach the cloud , and whether it be through a private wide area network , cloud network , but it be access to the public internet , or whether it be help to move it application to a secure cloud service provider and datum center , the cloud network become critically important and so that will be sell the whole portfolio , whether it be internet service , ether [ ph ] cloud transport service , and now a very rich portfolio of manage service lead by the security offering it talk about , it be fully train across the world to sell that portfolio of service .  it , that be helpful . and it have historically invest in more sale people as it productivity prove the movement from 80 to 100 by year end , be that - do it see that drive by productivity improvement , and therefore it can afford it from an SG&A percentage or be it go to happen regardless of productivity ? no , it think very - as it say George even in last call , it feel very good about the performance of existing quarter bear organization . and as a function of that and it see that it value proposition continue to become strong , it be very well position to provide a great access to the cloud for multinational around the globe . as a function of that - that be why it grow . and so it think it be a prudent investment , it mean to be very clear when it do not become productive immediately , so there be some incremental SG&A it will invest behind it . so - but it believe with very accretive acquisition in the organic growth that it be see that those be prudent investment for it to make that continue to be able to grow at 8 % to 10 % or high than it think . so yes , it will , as it mention in it prepared remark , grow organization from where it be approximately 80 today to closer to 100 by year end .  it very much George . and it will now take a follow - up from Michael Bowen with Pacific Crest .  for squeeze another one here . one of the comment that it think be very positive and very interesting , and it would love to hear more about be when it say MegaPath now , on a post synergy basis , it could be - it could see 5x to 6X EBITDA multiple or well , can it walk it through that little bit , it know that on a preclose EBITDA , as soon as it multiple , it have talk about 7.5x , it seem like it have add a couple of hundred employee , be all the employee now basically that be go to remain - be it at the firm now , could there be more cut ? in other word , walk it through if it could , how it get from 7.5x to possibly down to 5x or even well than that ? and what be the other aspect of that that it have be able to identify as it seem pretty positive about this multiple now get well ? sure . it shall do the math for it , $ 152.3 million , at $ 20 million standalone business , so at 6X have be incremental $ 5 million in EBITDA and 5X it be go to be incremental $ 10 million sort of the near million or well . so if it do well than $ 10 million in incremental synergy it keep low than 5x to 6X or well . a couple of point on why it feel good about where it be with respect to that till the point it make about the organization , yes , it have complete that and so it have announce and it generally have work very hard to make sure it do it onetime . so that it be very clear with all of it employee that it have now one good market orientation , it believe it have an excellent team , but it have make the difficult position at time , who should be on that team , it be very , very bullish about the team that it have move forward . but it expect to be able to recognize then as it start in the second quarter , some of the synergy from the headcount move that it be make through this quarter , that have be announce internally as part of that go - to - market organization . it see synergy generally in a couple of other area , there generally be a whole series of other overlap SG&A spend that it have , whether it be in rent , professional service , T&E , all of the area that the large organization - that MegaPath as a standalone business spend and it do not need to be spend with a combine - these be it be see . some of that play out this quarter , it will see some of the play out into third quarter , but before it realize in the fourth quarter number , and the last area in network synergy . so again , it have a very - a much small network than it have and - carry an operation organization , do a great job integrate into it much large GTT network , and as a function of that it generally see cost rather saving . generally in the first two quarter as Mike mention earlier , those it actually - with the incremental benefit over multiple year as it take a little longer to move overlap point of presence to make sure that it cue it without impact any client experience . the only other thing it would add be that - even on the headcount piece , the announcement be make begin in May , those - the people who will be leave be not all leave immediately , so that will be happen throughout the quarter but that be obviously a substantial piece of the number . alright ,  it very much .  it , Michael . and it appear there be no further telephone question . great . operator , it would like to turn it once again to it Chairman , Brian Thompson for some closing remark as well .  , Rick , and everybody ,  it for it question . there be only two thing that it would like to comment on . the first be the one thing that it be continually capable of do and have show in each and every one of it acquisition to be sure be to create a single company and integrate those people , those customer , and those activity into the whole and what happen in each case be with especially the large strategic acquisition as Rick say , it have significant new capability but it also add two of it fundamental CMD platform which be what set it apart it think from almost anybody in the industry . it add to that platform ability to do thing within that platform that give it real capability for subsequent acquisition . a good example of that be , in the UNSi acquisition that it do , it move into the manage service business which give it a different requirement in the kind of information that it put into that platform and how it deal with the other information flow in that platform . and frankly , with the new MegaPath acquisition , not only do it increase the manage service portfolio but it be also very significantly increase it ability to go to small retail location which once again give it an enhanced capability as it integrate into it CMD platform to make new acquisition that take advantage of that in a very synergistic way . so this be the real secret sauce to use the expression that make GTT different it think from anybody else that do these kind of acquisition , it be able to integrate and this just enhance it ability to integrate more acquisition go forward . the second comment it would like to make be , and it would like to underscore it , Rick keep talk about $ 400 million and $ 100 million as objective , very carefully , these be the next plateau and it be a short plateau it go to , and indeed , just for to see a benefit of those on the call . it be in discussion about the next plateau because this one , it be sure these guy be go to achieve in very short period of time . so standby and be prepared to see it next level of strategic revenue and EBITDA objective . 