it first quarter be a good quarter highlight by the strength of it business across brand and geography . the momentum in it Franchise Brands , couple with the growth in it Entertainment and Licensing segment , deliver both revenue and profitability improvement for the quarter . while foreign exchange have a significant impact on revenue , the favorable revenue mix and it effort to hedge it exposure limit it impact on profitability . this momentum in it business and it improve profitability enable it to generate $ 315 million of operate cash flow . it balance sheet be healthy and it end the quarter with $ 1.1 billion in cash . it continue to invest in it business to strengthen it brand and improve the productivity of it global team . it also remain committed to return excess cash to it shareholder . in the first quarter , it return approximately $ 79 million through it dividend and buyback program . look at it segment for the first quarter , revenue in the U.S. and Canada segment increase 2 % . growth in the Boys , Games and Preschool category more than offset a decline in the girl category . this growth be drive by high revenue in it Franchise Brands as well as growth in MARVEL in support of the Avengers : Age of Ultron and initial shipment of JURASSIC WORLD . point - of - sale be off to a positive start in 2015 , include strong growth in Franchise Brands . it retail inventory continue to be of both good quality and good level . operate profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increase 16 % , reflect the favorable impact of high Franchise Brand revenue . in the International segment , revenue be flat with last year . Europe be down 6 % , but be offset by 8 % growth in Latin America and 17 % in Asia Pacific . emerge market revenue increase 3 % . the Boys and Preschool category revenue grow , but be offset by a decline in the Games and Girls category . as in the U.S. and Canada segment , strong growth in Hasbro Franchise Brands be further support by growth in MARVEL product . absent the impact of foreign exchange , international segment revenue grow 20 % and emerge market grow approximately 25 % . 80 % or $ 50 million of the foreign exchange impact to revenue be in Europe . Absent FX , Europe grow 19 % and Latin America and Asia Pacific each grow 23 % . operate profit in the International segment decline $ 511,000 , reflect the negative impact of foreign exchange . absent this impact , operating profit increase to $ 5.5 million compare with $ 2.4 million a year ago . finally , revenue grow 74 % in the Entertainment and Licensing segment . this strong performance be the result of growth in lifestyle licensing revenue for Hasbro Franchise Brands , notably my little PONY and transformer as well as the contribution of a multi - year digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios programming . these increase revenue drive a $ 10.4 million increase in the Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit . look at Hasbro overall , in February , it share with it it outlook for cost and expense for the full year 2015 use it underlying historical result as a basis for comparison . it have include the slide from Toy Fair in the presentation accompany today 's call , which be available on it website . keep in mind that the first quarter be it small revenue quarter of the year and small change have a big impact on the quarter than it would on an annual basis , it first quarter result keep it on track to achieve the previously - state target . overall in the first quarter , strong revenue growth in high margin brand and segment , namely , Franchise Brands include MAGIC : the gathering and the Entertainment and Licensing segment more than offset the negative impact of foreign currency translation . this favorable mix result in cost of sale as a percentage of revenue decrease to 34.7 % versus 38.1 % in 2014 . for the full year , it continue to target cost of sale as a percentage of revenue approximately in line with 2014 's level of 39.7 % . with the growth in entertainment - back revenue , in particular , MARVEL and JURASSIC WORLD , royalty expense increase to 8.3 % of revenue . give the low level of revenue in the first quarter , this percentage be high than it full - year outlook for royalty , which , give the strong entertainment slate in 2015 , remain in line with last year 's rate of 7.2 % . product development increase in the quarter to 7.3 % of revenue as it be invest in the development of the Disney Princess and Frozen property , which will come to market in 2016 as well as incremental investment in it brand , include MAGIC : the gathering . it full - year expectation be that product development will be in the range of 5 % to 5.5 % of revenue . advertising in the first quarter remain at similar dollar level year - over - year , but decline slightly as a percent of revenue to 9.5 % . for the full year , it anticipate advertising at approximately 10 % of revenue , which be the low - end of it traditional advertising range and reflect it continue investment in brand building , couple with the efficiency it be gain from it global and increasingly digital advertising model . intangible amortization decline in the quarter and be anticipate to be approximately $ 44 million for 2015 . program production cost amortization increase , reflect the high revenue and associate amortization from the multi - year digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios programming . it full - year expectation be this expense as a percentage of revenue remain in line with recent year . SG&A increase 7 % in the quarter to 29.3 % of revenue . high equity compensation and depreciation associate with system contribute to the increase as it continue investment in it business , include MAGIC : the gathering . these increase be partially offset by favorable foreign exchange . in total , for the year , it believe these trend will continue and that SG&A will be high versus 2014 's level of 20.8 % turn to result below operate profit , other income for the quarter be $ 4.7 million compare to $ 5 million in 2014 . profitability improvement in it 40 % share of the operating income from the Discovery Family Channel be partially offset by high loss from foreign exchange . the first quarter underlie tax rate be 27 % versus 26.1 % in 2014 . it expect it full - year underlie tax rate to be in the range of 26.5 % to 27.5 % , reflect continue high anticipated earning in the U.S. diluted earning per share for the quarter be $ 0.21 versus the adjust earning per share of $ 0.14 in 2014 . it return $ 78.7 million to shareholder in the quarter , $ 53.5 million in dividend , and $ 25.2 million in share repurchase . it next quarterly dividend be it first at the new rate of $ 0.46 per share and be payable on May 15 to shareholder of record on May 1 . additionally , at quarter - end , $ 539 million remain available on it current share repurchase authorization . receivables at quarter - end be up 2 % and dso be 71 day , down two day versus last year . absent the impact of foreign exchange , receivables increase approximately 18 % versus the 14 % growth in revenue . inventory decline $ 50.2 million compare to last year and be of good quality . adjust for a negative foreign exchange impact , inventory increase 1 % . exclude FX , inventory increase in the International segment , which be mostly offset by low inventory in the U.S. and Canada segment . in closing , the first quarter be a good start to 2015 and keep it on track with it full - year expectation . foreign exchange will continue to be a challenge throughout the year , but it be take step to minimize some of this impact through pricing and product cost hedge . over the next several quarter , it be well - position to capitalize on the positive momentum in it brand , the innovation it be deliver and a robust entertainment slate . Brian and it be now happy to take it question . question - and - answer session it first question come from the line of Steph Wissink with Piper Jaffray . please proceed with it question . Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co ( Broker )  it .  , everyone , and congrat to it guy on a great quarter . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co ( Broker ) want to just ask one question with respect to it global positioning as it head into the back part of this year . Can it talk a little bit about it distribution in some of the emerge market and some of , maybe , the mature market that have be a little bit more sluggish ? be it it anticipation as some of the content - back property come through that it will start to see those market accelerate into the back part of the year ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director well , it have see year - to - date that it POS be quite strong in many of it market around the world , include where it have it own datum for emerge market . so good performance thus far for it brand . around the world , in the first quarter , double - digit pos growth for every market that it track with only one exception where France be up mid - single - digit . but across the world , it be see very strong double - digit growth in POS . similarly , in emerge market , it continue to see good progress , obviously affect by forex in term of absolute top line revenue growth . absent forex , 25 % revenue growth in emerge market in the first quarter . it have see both in it brand growth as well as Entertainment and Licensing that the storytelling within it brand and television , in particular , have help to power brand like my little PONY and transformer . certainly , this be a very robust movie year for it , an entertainment - lead year . it see that entertainment slate come throughout the year . it be a little more spread out than in year prior with Star Wars come later in the year . but clearly , over time , it be see the expansion of entertainment - lead brand , particularly in it partnership with the Walt Disney Company be more globally - lead with great strength in distribution , more screen available – movie screen available for movie goer to enjoy those film , certainly more global box office , and therefore , it would surmise great toy sale over time . Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co ( Broker ) that be great .  it . and , Deb , just a clarification question on the digital distribution agreement or the stream distribution agreement that it sign . Can it just remind it how that be account for ? it have this upfront Q1 event . and then do it receive a series of payment over the course of the come quarter base on the consumption pattern ? just explain how that may work so it can know how to model that out . Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President sure . well , it have a similar arrangement probably three year ago that it talk about . and what happen be it recognize the revenue when it deliver the series . so as it have this payment come in , in the first quarter and deliver most of the series that be under the agreement , it recognize most of the revenue in that period . and it also see the amortization expense go along with that . that be why it highlight – it have a few more high line item in the quarter than it would expect for the full year . Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co ( Broker ) okay .  it . great job , it guy . good of luck . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it next question be from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs . please proceed with it question . Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. hi .  . deb , a question for it on cost of sale and the outlook that it be provide . it seem like a repeat of what it say at Toy Fair . yet it look like what be change be it signing of this streaming deal . so it guess , the question be be that already embed in it commentary that it provide back in January ? Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. okay . great . and then as it think about ... Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President ( 22:44 ) Taposh . Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it would just point that it really do benefit from it product mix in the quarter . so it be a large mix of it Franchise Brands help it include MAGIC : the gathering as well as the digital streaming deal that it sign . and it Entertainment and Licensing segment overall be up particularly the licensing part of the business . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . so , Taposh , it high margin business be Entertainment and Licensing . within that , obviously , the licensing part of it business be the strong operating margin . and it go back to the idea that in it strategy , there be tremendous power . as it drive it brand with story , it be able to sign licensee who be benefit from that storytelling globally , and it certainly benefit from have it consumer product out in the market . and it get pay for that . certainly for holiday sale in the first quarter , but throughout the year as it have new episode out , television episode and movie over time , that certainly benefit it margin . and that be what it have talk about . over time , long term , it would expect that to be a lever for growth and operate margin . Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. great . and it know that within the Entertainment and Licensing segment a lot of focus have be on TRANSFORMERS and my little PONY , but a brand that seem to be on the rise within it portfolio be PLAY - DOH . there be some recent report that have surface about play - doh movie . wonder if it can comment on that ? and as a follow - up , if it can help it better understand the size of that brand and it potential within it portfolio over time ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director PLAY - DOH be up strong double - digit this past quarter in revenue . it be up double - digit in POS . it be see great strength . that be true in the U.S. as well as around the world . it be become increasingly one of it most powerful global brand . a few year ago , it have anoint it as a Franchise Brand and elevate it from a challenger brand status and continue to put great innovation . the team have do a very good job there . it do have a movie deal that be be consummate and some great creative steward on that movie as an idea . it think it be a very fun format for a movie and for storytelling . it have see some early indication of that through a television series it have be run in China . and again , the character that it be develop around the Doh Dohs as well as other character that could appear in a Play - doh movie make it quite fun and certainly something for the future year that it would take advantage of . Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. great . all the good . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it next question be from the line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust Robinson . please proceed with it question . Michael a. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey hey .  , everyone . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael a. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey just a point of clarification . Brian , it think it say that global – be that global POS be up double - digit , or in every market that it track it be up double - digit ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it track it by market . so it have the syndicate datum , NPD datum it have for a number of market . and the market it have syndicate datum for – U.S. be up double - digit ; Canada double - digit ; Mexico , Australia , UK , Germany and Spain all double - digit growth ; France be mid - single - digit . it Franchise Brand POS in the first quarter be up – it be very strong growth . and again , indicative of the sale that it have . but it POS be ahead of it sell - in in Franchise Brands as it be in sale in many market around the world . that be why it have syndicate datum . it also have it own datum in emerge market . it team track that pretty carefully and it be see good growth there as well . Michael a. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey and would that have be up double - digit exclude , it guess , the Easter shift on a normalized basis ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it believe it probably would although it do think Easter have a very good impact . Easter this year occur in , what it call , week 14 . last year it be week 16 , which fall into the second quarter . easter to Easter , if it take the three week around Easter , Easter to Easter be up a bit year - on - year . but it have see very strong pos growth throughout the quarter and continue into the second quarter . so it feel very good about the early initiative it have for the year . again , these be early day . Michael a. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey right .  . and just think about the competitive environment as it move through the year , one of it big competitor be talk about put more money into trade spending as it get to the holiday and it think it be really target some share loss in the doll category . so how do it think about that play out throughout the year ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it have a very key lever in it business that it have establish around where it spending go . increasingly in it marketing , it be use digital marketing and lot of very contemporary form of marketing to it audience . it work with it trade very effectively . it have see obviously growth in it business at the trade . it have plan in place as well . it do not involve just increase , but certainly , where it be gain share , which be in many different category and certainly around the world . it be get gain in linear footage , and therefore , opportunity for both in - aisle as well as out - of - aisle placement . and that just come along with the growth in sale . Michael a. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey great .  a lot for the color . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it next question be from the line of Eric Handler with MKM . please proceed with it question . Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC yes .  for take it question . couple question on the entertainment side . the upside that it see in the quarter be that from the Netflix deal that be announce back in April ? and it be just try to true up what – that be – that be eight month since that time , so be this sort of the payment for that deal that be upcoming ? or be there some other svod deal that get sign ? and secondly , be there future delivery of product that be part of this deal , or be this purely a library type of contract ? and then last , when it look at the incremental margin on it entertainment business and understanding that this be a relatively small part of the business , but it look like the incremental margin for the incremental revenue get to about 44 % . when it think about licensing be typically 70 % , 80 % type of margin business , the svod deal be again very high similar type margin because a lot of the cost have already be amortize . what be some of the cost that go against that that it may not be think about ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . if it look at Entertainment and Licensing segment , there be several element within it Entertainment and Licensing business . certainly , lifestyle licensing be up in the quarter . and that have to do with the fact that it get pay typically in arrear by a single quarter . so it account for the sale of it consumer product licensee and then it be able to take in those revenue as it get pay and recognize those revenue . so that be up in the quarter . that be obviously – contribute to the mix and contribute to the operate margin in that segment . certainly , it have a number of streaming deal that be happen . it have it content on any number of platform , svod platform , include Netflix , but not exclusively to Netflix . and , yes , there be payment that happen within the quarter . what happen be as it deliver the episode , it get pay for the episode that it be deliver . and it also have other deal in place . so some of this be library programming . and then as it go on time , it talk about the development of and launching of new brand and new brand would be launch both in linear television and over time on different svod platform . Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it also mention , Eric , that it have – it refer back to it full - year estimate on amortization . a lot of this revenue be include in it estimate when it set up it alternate for amortize the product . so what it continue to see be the amortization that have already be build into it revenue estimate for the full year . Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC great .  it very much .  it . it next question be from the line of Derrick Johnson ( sic ) [ Gerrick Johnson ] with BMO Capital Markets . please proceed with it question . Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) hey .  . it be hope it could discuss the net EPS impact on result from foreign exchange and also if it could quantify the impact in basis point on gross margin from FX , and finally the absolute dollar amount that it benefit from hedge on FX .  it . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director so the answer to the first question be the FX impact on EPS in the quarter be $ 0.10 . so otherwise , it would have be at $ 0.30 – $ 0.31 in the quarter . deb , it want to talk about the other piece ? Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President sure . well , it continue to have – it have a slightly large impact from foreign exchange obviously because of the magnitude in the quarter . it have get a fairly small revenue quarter compare to the rest of the year . so a bit high foreign exchange impact than it would normally expect to see . and as it say , it have hedge a fair amount of it product purchase , probably about the same level as it would hedge last year , obviously , at decline rate through this year . so what it be see be the benefit of favorable foreign exchange product cost hedge in the first quarter and large than average impact . as a matter of fact , the impact on it revenue from foreign exchange be about 9 % of it total report revenue . and if it recall , it say at Toy Fair that at rate exist at that point in time , have those rate continue through the year , it 2014 full - year revenue would have be about $ 250 million less . well , in fact , the dollar 's continue to strengthen . so if it look at that impact at current rate , it revenue would have be about $ 310 million less . and as the euro continue to move toward parity , if the euro actually hit parity that would probably put another $ 60 million to $ 65 million negative impact on those revenue . so for the full year , it continue to see the impact of foreign exchange will be a headwind . because of the size of the quarter , it be slightly large than it would typically be , but it do continue to think it would still be around that 10 % to 15 % impact to revenue will impact earning per share . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and , Gerrick , it be obviously take a number of step to mitigate that impact . it have take mid - single - digit price increase both in the U.S. and around the world and in market where it have see particularly high forex impact , it have go back to take additional price increase where necessary to try to again mitigate in the short term those FX impact . Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) okay .  it . and shift gear a little bit , not much mention of little PONY in the quarter . it guess , it be up because it be a franchise brand , but can it discuss how it perform geographically between North America and international ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . my little PONY continue to perform quite well for it globally . it certainly benefit from revenue in several different category . it go back to the idea of be a franchise brand , and have licensed product as well as it own toy and game product . it be gear up for the fifth season of my little PONY be just break now and will break throughout the year . so brand - new product lineup around the fifth season that come in second , third , and fourth quarter . but my little PONY perform well , it pos be in the PONY business , the core PONY business be quite good for the quarter , double - digit POS increase there . and again , it be a small first quarter . and it be gear up for the rest of the year , but my little PONY continue to grow in the quarter . Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) okay . great .  it very much , Brian .  it . it next question come from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar . please proceed with it question . Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research  . it guess it question be about Preschool . it seem like both it and it close peer have turn the segment around in the last quarter or there be be something else that have be drive demand there . Can it talk a little bit about where it guy have see strength and maybe how it think about continue to connect with consumer in this segment for the rest of the year ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director sure . in it Preschool segment , one of it big brand there be PLAY - DOH . it continue to perform incredibly well . it be one of it most global brand and a number one brand in a couple country around the world for it . the brand be up double - digit in the quarter . the POS be up double - digit throughout the world . it continue to have all new innovation , and again , that team have do a great job of continue to innovate that brand . this be absent even DOHVINCI , it be just talk about the core PLAY - doh business . the other part of the business that be perform quite well be a character - base business . that storytelling - lead business be very strong . it see good strength in TRANSFORMERS rescue BOTS . it get in both placement of the tv show as well as the toy sale in the quarter be quite good . it add to that initiative around Jurassic World , which just begin to take hold now . so again , character - lead business have be particularly strong and it have see that for it business . it have a number of new initiative in it core playskool business . it see at Toy Fair Play , Stow and go . early indication there good pos , albeit , early day , but pos growth there for some of the new initiative in core Playskool . so it think it be about create those innovation base on great consumer insight , about character - lead business , and great creativity and enable kid and mom to agree on developmental milestone and all the fun of it PLAY - doh business , that great creativity that parent really love and kid enjoy as well . Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research okay . and then it advertising ratio for the year appear that it be go to be down . be it guy find more efficient channel to advertise in ? or be it just that the tilt to more digital be less expensive ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director advertising it have say ratably should be right around 10 % . so very consistent with the year - ago number . but over a trend line , long - term trend line , that be down a bit , but it will not be the same number as it be in the first quarter . it be down more than that in the first quarter . and that just have to do with the size of the quarter and revenue . but if it look at it strategy , clearly , it be employ every one of the digital strategy that be available to it . that do add a level of efficiency and effectiveness to it messaging , engage consumer , enthusiast and fan , and enable it to curate it brand and get involved in it own content creation and involvement in it polling , whether it be in it Games business , or in it Preschool business be quite a enable technology that do enable it to – allow it to more effectively advertise over time . Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research  it . it next question come from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo . please proceed with it question . Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC  it . congratulation , Brian , again . it know it be a small quarter . but a little additional color just to clarify , the streaming , this be more of a one - time payment , or will there be go forward a little bit start to come in each quarter from that perspective ? and it guess , in relation to that , obviously , it have get FX everybody be deal with . but it talk about the comparable go across the year , the timing of the entertainment release . Can it just , sort of , plot through the quarter ( 39:41 ) give FX and the timing of release , will it have more difficult versus easy comparison in the latter three quarter here ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it think that as it look at the entertainment initiative , what it be try to point out be just simply that it have a very robust slate . it have say it have enter this unprecedented era of new entertainment . the company 's certainly benefit from it own entertainment as much as it partner ' entertainment . in the first quarter , in percentage term , the fastest - grow – the percentage growth be fast for transformer . it have a new show that be on Cartoon Network . this just break in the carryover sale of it movie - relate product from 2014 be quite strong in the quarter . so the combination of storytelling and movie and television benefit it own brand . as it go out through the second , third and fourth quarter , what it be try to point out be that all of the big movie title do not come just in the second quarter as it do a year ago that it be more spread out throughout the year . and it think that be something to think about as it map out the remainder of the year . it be really not give it kind of , if it will , overall annual guidance , but try to say where those revenue may fall just to help be thoughtful around where the entertainment will really continue to drive it business . and , Tim , remind it the first part of it question ? Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC yeah . it guess , on the expense side of the comparable , give the timing and where it have hedge in it revenue and where that revenue come from , just the comparability , how it should think about the FX ? it kind of can see where the different currency be , but there be other component it can not of FX . so that comparability , and then the first part be the digital streaming . Should it ... Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC so these – yeah . Should it think these more of just one - time payment or be there go to be a start component of where that be go to start to flow each quarter , Brian ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . the digital streaming , it mention that in 2012 , it have do a similar digital streaming deal , that be a few year ago . it mention how that revenue come in . obviously , in Entertainment and Licensing , it also take in significantly more licensing royalty income . so it be not just digital stream in that category . and , deb , it want to ... Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President the digital stream revenue do primarily come in one big chunk . so that be why , if it recall , Tim , it say it make thing a little bit lumpy at the time . it would say it be just a bit lumpy . but again , it be be build into it model . and that be why it have continue to say that it amortization for the full year will be consistent with last year , because obviously that number be impact significantly . as far as foreign exchange , it be right . it mean , the way number have move and rate have move and the dollar have strengthen , even from Toy Fair , have have an additional impact to it . if it look at last year 's revenue , it would be about a $ 60 million additional negative impact to the year . and it can add another $ 60 million on that if the euro go to parity . so as it watch how rate go throughout the year , it will have an impact on revenue . Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC but no color – it remember it would mention that earlier in the call , but no color give where it hedge be and then sort of the mix of it revenue throughout the year , would there be any quarter that be more challenging than the other other than just look at where the FX be year - over - year ? Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it have hedge about the same level as it do a year ago . and each month be a little bit different . think about it have this roll hedge program , as a matter of fact , after year - end , it would have even put in more hedge to go out through 2019 . so , it think about as it layer those hedge on at different time , it be at different rate , and it get different flow - through of positive impact to the gross margin . for it , it have always say it do not speculate , it do it really to protect it product pricing . so it know what it have to price it product at in the various market over time . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . and , Tim , as it go out beyond 2015 into 2016 and beyond , it know it go out and price product base on the prevail element of the marketplace . and give so much of it line be new every year , it give it a chance to look at what the cost input can and should be , what the pricing should look like . and therefore , this year it be about the fact that FX change be so significant across country and so fast in term of the change back in the fourth quarter of last year . so this year it have to mitigate those change , take step wherever it can on price and look at it cost . but as it go out in the future year , it have take that into account and begin to address that so that it can look at that in it cost of good and into it product development as well as product pricing . Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC okay . and final question . it have do a great job start several year ago of seed it content and brand into many international market and now with the expand Disney relationship and go direct also from a distribution standpoint , where do it see other market where it need to go direct and the plan to do that there ? any additional opportunity over the next – through this year or into next year ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it be continue to develop it product along a number of different line . it have say it first objective be to create the right balance of it Franchise Brands , Franchise Brand effort and Franchise Brand growth . it have then develop adjacency that it have see enter the market quite successfully around those Franchise Brands . and the next phase of it development it will see over the next number of year some new brand that it will now take this blueprint and the model it have create and begin to introduce some of the new brand . some of those be from it vault like Jem and the Holograms . some will be absolutely new to it . a few be base on some historical acquisition it make , like micronaut , but that become part of the mix as it go out over the next several year . then in addition to that , it have talk about how in partner with the Walt Disney Company , it have the opportunity to take advantage of it amazing slate of entertainment that be upcoming , as well as in future year the Princess business that it be very excited about . and it continue to allow it to balance it revenue where it partner brand revenue should be plus or minus 20 % of it revenue , a couple point higher or low in some individual year . but that balance enable it to continue to generate the kind of operating return it be look for as a company . Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President and it still see opportunity in the various emerge market that it be in now to continue to expand it market share and for growth as those market grow as well . and outside of that , it mean , it talk about some other market , it specifically speak at Toy Fair about some growth in Indonesia and some Asia market as it go forward . but nothing certainly of the size in investment that it have have in place like Russia or Brazil where it be just very large country . Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC great .  it both . it next question come from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel . please proceed with it question . Drew E. Crum - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. okay .  .  , everyone . Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director Drew E. Crum - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. so on the girl business , Brian , it mention FURBY as be a headwind . when do that stop become a headwind ? and then do that prohibit it guy from grow the girl business in 2015 ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director for the full year , it have some amazing initiative and new innovation across it girl business . and if it look at my little PONY , there be a brand - new product lineup as well as a whole new tv series it be hit . this be season number five and a brand - new series that it have develop for my little PONY . LITTLEST PET SHOP be see great growth in the quarter and really just begin to build on the momentum that it say it would create base on all - new tv series and get that entertainment out around the world . for the second half of the year , of course , it add Disney Descendants and very excited about the new entertainment initiative from Disney and it lineup there . so it be not go to really guide it on overall girl growth . the last two year it have grow the girl business and both year have be north of $ 1 billion . FURBY be a big brand for it . and last year , it continue to be a big brand as it move through non - english speak market . and it will continue to be a headwind throughout the year . but have say that , the team be line up some great product and storytelling initiative for it own Franchise Brands and lot of new news within it challenger brand for the third and fourth quarter . Drew E. Crum - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. got it . okay . and it apologize if it miss this . do it quantify growth for MAGIC in the quarter ? and could it also comment on what it have see in the channel in term of receptivity to the new format or cadence of card that it be do for that franchise ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it see great growth for MAGIC . it do not put percentage term on that , but MAGIC in the quarter be very strong . it be double - digit growth . it talk about the fact that that have something to do with – it have talk about the timing of new initiative , the major release come in the first quarter of this year whereas it be in the second quarter a year ago . so it do have some point of comparison year - on - year that have to do with this new timing schedule . but it be very happy to see both the sale as well as the sell - through of MAGIC continue to grow . and it will see as it go through the year just the overall receptivity to the new cadence . but what it will tell it be thus far in the year , the engagement with fan and enthusiast , the tournament play , and it effort and commitment to continue to improve the online experience with MAGIC : the gathering be front and center at the company . it be something that it be invest in . it think MAGIC long term have incredible growth potential and it be just scratch the surface of the opportunity with that brand . Drew E. Crum - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. great . and , Brian , just one from it . any update on a Transformers sequel film ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director sure . it plan right now with the studio and film maker , it may have read something about some writer be hire and it have , in fact , bring in Akiva Goldsman to lead a group of writer to really create a strategic plan around transformer . it think there be any number of story to be tell , that be a brand that be be around for 30 year with amazing canon and mythology . and it would expect the sequel to transformer movie to happen in 2017 . Drew E. Crum - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. got it . great . okay .  , guy . it next question be from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company . please proceed with it question . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC hi .  . also it have a couple , if it can . when it look at the royalty and entertainment revenue that come in and then it allocate it around the brand , can it talk a little bit about what that say about the growth of – would transformer have be up without such payment ? and it be not try to say that be not legitimate revenue . it be . it be just try to get a sense of whether it be the payment that be drive that growth or be that actual sale of toy ? and similarly , what do it say for girl if – it have a lot of thing go right on the entertainment licensing in the quarter for girl and it be still down ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it think it note why girl be down . it be up against a very big FURBY comp , and , of course , in the first quarter , Easy Bake be down because , again , it be very holiday - sale orient . and there be a bit of impact with some inventory base on the West Coast port strike and some delay around a little bit of product . transformer would have be up without the entertainment payment . so it think that it would turn it around a little bit . it would say that it objective be to continue to grow it Franchise Brands across a number of dimension . it be go to continue to be the preeminent creator of toy and game through great innovation and consumer insight . but through storytelling , it be go to bring the power of it brand to other consumer product category . that be the nature of the way fan and enthusiast want to enjoy brand today . it be follow the consumer , and it be tell it that that , in fact , be the most contemporary way to proceed , and that be modern - day brand building . and so it think that it be offer both a differentiate approach to the market as well as something that be incredibly compelling to it fan , enthusiast , kid and other audience around the world . and that be what be be bear out . the blueprint be – the strategy that it be employ and it see those revenue from it consumer product business as important as and an opportunity to expand it operating profit beyond just what it Toys and Games business can provide . but recognize that it franchise – but it recognize that it Franchise Brands inherently even within it toy business , enjoy high operating margin than it partner brand because , of course , it have low royalty to be pay out . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC okay .  for clarify that . similarly , be the increase in – like , be Games up ex - MAGIC ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director game be flattish . it be up in the U.S. , down a little bit internationally , but it have a number of game that grow within the quarter . in fact , a raft of game include Dungeons & Dragons , which be really on a tear , risk , Scrabble , Trouble , Life , Candy Land , CLUE and OUIJA be all up in the quarter . and it be see great sell - through of it game . it Games POS be up in the first quarter in the U.S. , and up in many market around the world . and so down a little bit internationally , but it view a lot of that as just timing on some of it new game initiative . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC be that down internationally ? be that just currency , or be that in local currency that it be down ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director no , that be inclusive of currency , because it do not retranslate that number , so that include the decline relative to FX . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC so it be probably up then , right , if it be just down a little ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . it mean , it do not have that calculation in front of it . so it be do it as report . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC okay . then the last question . Can it help it at least with the order of magnitude quantify what impact there may have be from the Easter shift ? and again , order of magnitude for the digital streaming deal that hit the quarter ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director look , it think that the Easter shift be a couple of week . it be – it week 14 this year versus week 16 a year ago . but it have see strong POS since the very beginning of the year . and that strong pos have continue post - Easter . it say Easter on Easter . this year it be up a bit so it be a bit strong than Easter a year ago . but overall , what it be really see be great strength in it Franchise Brands as well as some great partner brand initiative . the MARVEL business be perform incredibly well in the first quarter . Star Wars POS be up significantly in the first quarter behind both action figure and role play . it be very excited about the Star Wars entertainment even in this quarter of the year . so it be see kind of from strength to strength in term of what be sell in the first quarter . it point out the impact of Easter only inasmuch as some shipment certainly have to happen before Easter in order to get on shelf . and it just think it be fair to be transparent about where Easter fall . in term of the Entertainment and Licensing business , the payment for stream right , digital right be only part of it Entertainment and Licensing business . it also see considerable increase in the entertainment royalty , the licensing royalty around it brand . and it talk about the fact that it have very good holiday sale around Hasbro franchise brand and in several category , it be up around the consumer product sale relate to it brand that it get pay in term of royalty and hit the Entertainment and Licensing category of it p&l. Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC and that be the plan , it seem to be work . Would it say that the Easter shift help , or be it offset by the port delay with – like , be it kind of comparable ? that would have be a negative , right ? Brian D. Goldner - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director yeah . the port delay be certainly a negative – it be funny . it be certainly a negative in a few brand where some of the new spring initiative have not get out as fully as it will in April and May and so a lot of the team – the marketing team have note that . conversely , the fact that it have very strong carryover sale of brand like NERF actually benefit it , because it have such good sale of NERF around the holiday period . it do not have the spring initiative , but it carryover item have sell incredibly well , and NERF 's POS be up significant double - digit in the first quarter and grow considerably in the first quarter . so it do think that there be some put and take . overall the port strike have be a negative . it certainly would not characterize it as a positive . but it be work through that . and it say for the full year it do not expect that to impact revenue . Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC okay .  it .  it . at this time , it will turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for closing remark . Debbie Hancock - Vice President - Investor Relations  it , Rob , and  it , everyone , for join the call today . the replay will be available on it website in approximately two hour . additionally , management 's prepared remark will be post on it website follow this call . in addition , it second quarter earning call be tentatively schedule for Monday , July 20 .  it . 