as Lauralee mention , it be off to a strong start in 2015 with investment and commitment in excess of $ 1.5 billion with a blended cash yield of 6.8 % . it investment activity be comprise of a senior housing joint venture with a new partner ; the expansion of it international portfolio ; exercise of two purchase option on newly construct property ; and development activity in three of it segment . in March , it agree to acquire 35 private pay senior housing community from Chartwell Retirement Residences for $ 849 million with a project first - year cash yield of 6.6 % and be expect to close by the third quarter . the portfolio be currently 89 % occupy with a majority locate in top 31 msa and will be hold in a 90/10 joint venture with Brookdale , who have operate the community since 2011 . Brookdale 's operate knowledge of the portfolio will be a tremendous asset , enable it to avoid transition disruption and immediately implement capital investment program to refresh and reposition the asset to generate future growth beyond traditional triple - net rent escalator . in February , it expand it relationship with HC - One and facilitate it acquisition of Meridian Healthcare by add a £ 108 million short - term bridge tranche to it exist £ 394 million debt investment , bring it total investment to £ 502 million . in April , it convert £ 174 million into a sale leaseback on 36 care home . all 36 facility will be long - term lease to HC - One at a 7.25 % initial lease yield with inflation - base escalator at a 2015 EBITDAR coverage of 1.35 time . in February , it break ground on the first phase of the Cove at Oyster Point , encompass two class a building total 253,000 square foot at a cost of $ 177 million , expect to be complete by the third quarter of 2016 . it leasing prospect have exceed expectation and it be encourage with the high level of interest it have receive from the life science community . in January , it also begin construction on a $ 36 million medical office building with a project return on cost of 8.7 % . the 165,000 square - foot MOB will be on the campus of Memorial Hermann Cypress , Texas Hospital in suburban Houston and be 25 % pre - lease . this be it third ground - up MOB development project in process . it MOB development pipeline now consist of $ 162 million of project . in March , it form a 50/50 joint venture with MBK Senior Living that acquire three senior housing facility from MBK for $ 126 million with a project first - year cash yield of 6.9 % . the asset will be manage by MBK in a RIDEA structure . the venture have the capacity to acquire additional senior housing facility through off - market transaction with a total target investment of $ 400 million . in March , it exercise it purchase option right embed in it development loan to acquire a newly develop assist living and memory care facility currently 99 % lease in Houston , Texas for $ 36 million at a yield of 6.8 % net of it participation interest of $ 4 million . the facility be contribute to it brookdale RIDEA joint venture . in addition , it begin to develop a 117-unit independent living facility to complement it adjacent , newly construct , assisted live facility in Houston it just mention . the $ 29 million development have a 10.9 % return on cost and will also be contribute to it RIDEA joint venture with Brookdale upon completion . this be it second joint venture in process with Formation Capital and bring it total senior housing development pipeline to $ 77 million . it second quarter investment activity be off to a strong start . in April , it exercise it option to acquire an assisted living and memory care facility currently 94 % lease in Germantown , Tennessee for $ 72 million . the investment will yield 6.9 % net of it participation interest of $ 9 million . the Germantown facility be the second assisted living facility that it will have acquire under it $ 141 million participate development loan program with formation that allow it the opportunity to convert it debt investment to real estate ownership in an off - market transaction . upon close , the facility will be contribute to it brookdale RIDEA joint venture . in April , it acquire a 705,000 square foot medical office building locate in Center City , Philadelphia for $ 161 million and a cash yield of 6.6 % . the building be 92 % lease , include over 50 % lease to the AA - minus rate Thomas Jefferson University Hospital whose campus be adjacent to it building . this asset complement it 2014 acquisition of 3535 Market Street and result in a concentration of over 1.1 million square foot in the Philadelphia market . now , let it review the highlight of the portfolio 's performance . it RIDEA portfolio perform well in the first quarter with same - store component report growth of 6.7 % over the same quarter in the prior year . the RIDEA occupancy decline 30 basis point from the prior quarter to 86.4 % , which be due to normal , seasonal variation and be consistent with NIC 's industry average . year - over - year occupancy increase 100 basis point compare to 35 basis point NIC average . cash flow coverage for it senior housing same - property portfolio decline 2 basis point from the prior quarter and 4 basis point from the prior year to 1.11 time . the decline be drive by the integration of the former Emeritus asset and rent escalator on it Brookdale portfolio . as mention on it last call , coverage be expect to recover as Brookdale complete the integration and accelerate the CapEx spending to improve the underlying performance of the portfolio . in summary , it end the first quarter with strong same - store growth and a high volume of investment activity , include expansion in it international platform and it development pipeline . with that , it would like to turn it over to Tim . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President  it , Paul . it will start with it quarter result . as Lauralee mention , it same property portfolio generate 3.5 % cash NOI growth compare to the first quarter last year . the result benefit from contractual rent increase and solid performance from it operating portfolio lead by a 500 basis - point occupancy gain in life science to another all - time high of 96.5 % . it report nareit FFO of negative $ 0.26 per share , which be impact by a non - cash impairment charge of $ 1.04 per share announce in March relate to it HCR ManorCare DFL investment . the charge reduce the carry value of it HCR ManorCare real estate portfolio from $ 6.6 billion to $ 6.1 billion . also include in NAREIT FFO this quarter be $ 0.01 per share of acquisition and pursuit cost in connection with it investment activity . exclude the impairment and acquisition pursuit cost , FFO as adjust for the quarter be $ 0.79 per share and FAD be $ 0.69 per share , represent year - over - year growth rate of 5 % and 10 % , respectively . the increase be drive by same - store growth and the accretive benefit from it 2014 acquisition that be back - end weight last year . also impact the quarter be two one - time item . it have recognize $ 0.01 per share of income from it participation interest in a senior housing development loan that Paul just mention , which be partially offset by interest expense to opportunistically prefund all of it 2015 debt maturity in January . next , it investment activity . year - to - date , it have announce $ 1.5 billion of acquisition and development that Paul just walk it through . these transaction utilize four investment vehicle across four of it segment . first , $ 960 million relate to expand it senior housing RIDEA platform ; second , $ 240 million of committed new development project lead by a $ 177 million for the Cove life science project ; third , $ 164 million or £ 108 million add - on debt investment to it UK HC - one portfolio ; and fourth , a $ 161 million fee ownership of a medical office building in Philadelphia . subsequent to quarter - end , it convert £ 174 million , represent one - third of it total HC - one debt investment into ownership in a portfolio of 36 care home of equal value . while it match fund the investment use in the multi - currency capacity under it revolver , this funding structure introduce the potential for non - cash currency translation volatility on a GAAP - basis go forward . move to it financing transaction and balance sheet . during the first quarter , it raise $ 933 million of external financing comprise of $ 600 million of 10-year senior unsecured note at 3.4 % that refinance all of it 2015 debt maturity at favorable term and $ 333 million or £ 220 million four - year term loan to match fund a portion of it 8.2 % HC - one debt investment . it concurrently enter into an interest rate swap that fix the rate on the term loan at 1.79 % . it balance sheet continue to be strong . financial leverage be 43 % at the end of Q1 , which increase from year - end due to the reduction in it growth asset relate to the HCR ManorCare DFL . the prefunding of it remain 2015 debt maturity and use GBP - denominate borrowing have provide a natural hedge for it UK investment . it fix charge coverage at 4.0 time and net debt to EBITDA at 5.3 time remain stable . and it secured debt ratio continue to be at historical low at roughly 5 % . at quarter end , it have immediate liquidity , total $ 1.8 billion from it revolver and unrestricted cash . in addition , it expect to receive $ 250 million to $ 350 million in connection with it HCR ManorCare asset sale start in the second half of 2015 along with the potential for additional proceed from capital recycling across the rest of it portfolio . finally , it 2015 guidance . in March , it update it guidance to reflect the amendment of HCR ManorCare 's Master Lease and first quarter impairment charge . in addition , it cash same - store guidance be revise to be flat year - over - year at the midpoint of it range as the rent reduction offset the growth in the rest of it portfolio . outside HCR , the remain 70 % of it asset be perform slightly above plan , go at 3 % to 4 % drive by life science leasing and senior housing RIDEA one portfolio performance . as a result , today it be increase it 2015 cash same property performance to 0.25 % at the midpoint with a range of negative 0.25 % to positive 7.5 % . it expect 2015 NAREIT FFO to range from $ 2.02 to $ 2.08 per share , which be unchanged from it March guidance . it current guidance contain the follow item not contemplate in the March update : first , $ 0.02 per share of income represent participation interest in it Germantown , Tennessee development loan in the second quarter ; second , $ 0.01 per share benefit from it increase same - store performance and additional investment activity close in the second half of the year , offset by $ 0.03 per share of incremental acquisition - relate cost in conjunction with it investment transaction . exclude the first quarter , non - cash impairment charge and acquisition - relate cost for the year total $ 1.07 per share , it expect 2015 FFO as adjust to range from $ 3.09 to $ 3.15 per share , represent an increase of $ 0.03 per share from it last guidance . it be raise it 2015 FAD guidance to range from $ 2.66 to $ 2.72 per share , which be $ 3 ( 17:34 ) per share higher than it last guidance ; and at the midpoint , represent year - over - year growth of 4.7 % it FFO as adjust and FAD quarterly run rate start in q2 reflect the HCR lease amendment be expect to be $ 0.77 and $ 0.66 per share , respectively . a quick word on it HCR ManorCare coverage in it supplemental report today . in addition to the trialing 12-month coverage , it provide the full - year pro forma impact on the coverage ratio consistent with those in it March 30 material announce the lease amendment . it believe it be helpful to illustrate the full - year run rate impact from the amend lease effective April 1 and the potential sale of 50 non - strategic asset expect to close later in 2015 and early 2016 . it also make a modification to report HCR 's facility level EBITDAR coverage use an imputed 4 % management fee . for this quarter , it have show the coverage calculate use both 4 % and 5 % for comparison purpose . there be no impact on it corporate fix charge coverage , which continue to reflect HCR 's actual corporate G&A expense that average only 3.6 % of the company 's total revenue . with that , it will now turn the call over to Lauralee . Lauralee ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director  it , Tim . a great deal have happen with it HCR ManorCare relationship since it last earning call . it want to highlight the significant change as well as provide some color on it decision . first , let it note that HCR complete a very positive first quarter . EBITDAR grow 3.6 % year - over - year as a result of both reimbursement rate increase and continue cost control . first quarter result be also ahead of it 2015 budget . normalized fix charge coverage for the trail 12 month be 1.08 time consistent with the prior quarter , which do not include it rent reduction effective April 1 . and HCR 's quarter - end cash balance increase to $ 142 million . it acknowledge that one quarter be not a trend . however , it be encourage by it favorable first quarter result . the recent decision by the Department of Justice to intervene against HCR in the pende false claim action be not a factor in the timing of it decision to amend the lease nor have it change the decision it make . it do not know if or when the Department of Justice would move from an investigation to a civil complaint . HCR , as post on it website , believe the allegation be unjust and intend to vigorously defend against it . at this early stage , it can not predict or speculate on the outcome of the Department of Justice complaint . however , it do not anticipate a significant impact to HCR 's profitability in the near future . recall in it fourth quarter earning call , it announce a cooperation agreement with HCR to market up to 50 non - strategic asset . this be a critical step in it relationship as it demonstrate a joint and proactive asset management action with HCR focus on it core post - acute strategy and hcp improve it portfolio of quality and it lease coverage . the asset sale effort be proceed well . six property be currently under letter of intent and should close in the third quarter . the balance of the asset be in a sale process , which have attract a large number of potential national , regional and local buyer . first - round bid have be receive and be be evaluate . Effective April 1 , it amend it Master Lease , reduce net annual rent by $ 68 million . in exchange , it receive nine unencumbered asset value at $ 275 million with a median age of four year , a lease receivable of $ 250 million with full repayment require prior to any cash be disburse to the equity owner of OpCo , and the lease be extend by five year . in reach this agreement , it evaluate the trade offer by HCR and what rent reduction would provide it sufficient operating flexibility to grow it business and make it competitive in it marketplace . with the rent reduction , together with the asset sale , HCR will have a capital structure measure by corporate fix charge coverage similar to it large industry peer . it pro forma fix charge coverage be close to 1.3 time on a full - year run rate basis . it also evaluate facility lever coverage , focus on achieve an initial coverage in excess of 1 time or pro forma of 1.05 to 1.07 time when management fee be apply at the industry level of 4 % . as Tim mention , HCR 's actual management cost run approximately 3.6 % . the amend Master Lease and pende asset sale combine be expect to provide HCR with $ 130 million of pro forma annual cash flow , which must be retain by the company . as such , it expect HCR to increase it capital investment in the business , with result growth that will benefit it lease coverage . some of the area of growth it be target . HCR currently have three development project underway and a strong pipeline . now , with increase financial flexibility , it plan to reinstate these activity . the majority of the asset transfer to it with the lease amendment be develop after it original transaction close , indicate how much value HCR can create . it continue to expand it preferred provider relationship to gain market share . it have just certify it 100th MedBridge facility , brand that recognize facility that have a 75 % or well discharge rate into the community , a return to the hospital rate of 18 % or less , and a customer satisfaction rating of 85 % or well . the MedBridge brand be valuable in source new , preferred provider relationship . outside of post - acute and skilled nursing , HCR continue to have solid performance in it hospice business , be the third large hospice provider in the United States and it private pay Arden Courts product where it be the second large , stand - alone memory care provider . with this update , operator , can it please now open the call for question ? question - and - answer session  it . and it first question come from Nick Yulico from UBS . it line be open . Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC  . on the HCR ManorCare issue , it be hope it could help it understand the chain of event a little bit better this year . earlier this year , it decide on do asset sale to help coverage . then , it and HCR come to the table to decide on a rent cut . then , there be a doj complaint that get unseal , which point to HCR , potentially , need more cash if it be to settle or find liable . a cynic may look at this and say , HCR come to the table for a rent cut with HCP because it be worried about this complaint , it need cash . how much do that affect the rent cut negotiation at all ? Could it shed some light on that for it ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director the Department of Justice be not a factor in it lease amendment . what be a very important factor to HCP be number one : economic trade that it feel be appropriate value for any rent reduction it do . and it be also , together with HCR , very focused on make sure that it have the financial flexibility to grow it business such that the business would continue to perform , and that , in fact , would add to the coverage of it lease . Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC okay . just one of the HCR question and , it think , Ross have a follow - up on something else . be it spend much time these day with hire it own counsel or do it own due diligence on what the ultimate outcome of this complaint may be and how it impact hcp ? and if so , be it actually accrue expense for that today ? and where would that be show up on it p&l ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director the complaint be against HCR , not HCP . so , no , it do not need legal counsel . it always keep track of what go on in the industry , but that be not any different expense than it would have on a normal basis . Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC okay .  . it think Ross have a follow - up . Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC yeah . hi , guy . 833 Chestnut that it buy after the quarter , it understanding be it buy that from Digital Realty and the building have some datum center , meet - it - room space in it . how much of the noi from that building be actually come from office versus data center ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it be a pretty small amount . it be basically on one floor . and when it go to underwrite that what it do be it put a discount on that particular income . not only that , but give it relationship that it have with property manager in the marketplace , it have actually get a good team of people that have experience operate that particular business . it have actually be able to sign a lease since it have announce the transaction . so it feel okay about that . the play really be convert what be mostly an office play conversion to medical office , and it see that happen with the demand come from Thomas Jefferson University . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it be only about 15 % of the office – about 15 % of the space , Ross . Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC okay . and be the – it think it say it be a 6.6 % cap rate , cash cap rate ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC there be a data center website out there say the building have $ 9.3 million of NOI , which be a 5.8 % cap rate . be that not accurate , or be the 6.6 % a stabilize number that it hope to get ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it think it need to look at leasing that be occur , it have go through . and in the normal due diligence , it evaluate all the lease income and what have it , and it feel confident that it will be able to deliver 6.6 % . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . it be about 85 % occupy today , Ross . it be 92 % lease . so some ramp - up . Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President  it . it next question come from Derek Bower from Evercore ISI . it line be open . Derek a. Bower - Evercore ISI great .  . sorry , just want to follow up on ManorCare . Can it speak to any recourse that it may have to it as part of it lease to ManorCare if it be find at fault by the DOJ ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director well , it have a lease to ManorCare . this be a civil investigation so – and it think it be probably stretch a little bit too far with the question . Derek a. Bower - Evercore ISI okay . got it . just follow up on the six asset sale , can it just talk about the profile of the buyer ? and just to confirm , be these the six assist live facility that it think be part of the 50 asset or be there also a mix of the skilled nursing ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director this be a mix . it be more an exit from a state . so it think it should focus on it that way . the buyer be – it really run the full gamut . it have see REITs ; it have see regional operator ; it have see national operator , local operator . the level of interest have be very positive . and like it say , the first round bid be in . it be too early , but it be very pleased with where it stand at this point . Derek a. Bower - Evercore ISI okay .  . and then just for Tim , how be the funding of the Chartwell deal contemplate in full - year guidance ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President from a modeling perspective , Derek , it continue to underwrite the transaction base on 60-part equity and 40-parts debt . so that be what it should assume in that transaction . and accordingly , it 2015 guidance reflect that financing mix . Derek a. Bower - Evercore ISI okay . still early toward third quarter , so how should it be think about timing ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . yeah . it think that be right . that be the right way to think about it . but from a practical standpoint , be a little less theoretical , it have get about $ 1 billion remain to fund in the second half of the year . obviously , from a liquidity standpoint , it have immediately liquidity underneath it revolver . from a long - term perspective , though , as it know , it have get some capital recycling go on ; it have get the HCR ManorCare sale come back this year . and then it have get some potential for some other capital recycling opportunity in the portfolio . also it have get it retained cash flow and it DRIP proceed that it put in the mix as well . Derek a. Bower - Evercore ISI okay . got it .  it . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President  it . and it next question come from Joshua Raskin from Barclays . it line be open . Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital , Inc. hi .  . just on the ManorCare . it know at the beginning of the year , it guy have the big write - down and one of the reason that it cite be it would see a look at it outlook for 2015 . so it be curious where that 3.6 % ebitdar growth come in relative to what it preliminary thought be ? and then do it think that level of growth , that EBITDAR growth be sustainable ? and it guess , the last part of the question , it know there be no direct impact from the DOJ in term of short term , et cetera . but be there practice be contemplate in term of change around operationally or anything like that contemplate in the outlook ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director first of all , let it address the 3.6 % . that actually be a number that be ahead of it budget . so definitely off to a strong start for the year . it do comment it be one quarter . so it be too early to call that a trend . it will take the second part – there be a lot of question in there , but it think the last one . the investigation by the Department of Justice have be ongoing for about three year . HCR have maintain it business practice throughout that time and , in fact , have continue to increase market share and provide a relationship focus on the outcome that it achieve in term of – think about hospital readmission and so forth . it would also add that – it mention this in a prior call , that in conjunction with win some of those relationship , HCR actually have it billing practice , and this be again several year ago , audit by a CMS recommend audit firm , pass it , and feel that it practice be definitely to the standard that one would want . so no change in it business practice . Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital , Inc. okay . got it . and then , maybe away from ManorCare with the understanding that it guy be sell down some of the exposure through the 50 asset sale . but how be it think about skilled nursing outside of ManorCare ? do it think there be opportunity in the market now ? or be this just let it try and figure out everything with ManorCare , get all of that do and maybe re - evaluate next year ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . it think it have always look at skilled nursing from an opportunistic standpoint . it like good quality operator ; it like good q - mix . it want to stay away from the state - base Medicaid reimbursement . and to the extent it find those opportunity , it would be an acquirer of those asset . Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital , Inc.  it . it next question come from Juan Sanabria from Bank of America . it line be open . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch hi .  . it be just hope it could speak to the senior housing same - store result on a sequential and quarter - over - quarter basis . it look like occupancy actually increase a little bit buck the trend of the seasonality , but the same - store NOI decline ? just hope it could shed some light on what happen there . be there any expense creep or anything ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it think it be talk to the decline go from quarter to quarter , on a year - over - year basis , it be up . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it think that be just more a function of timing and that sort of thing . but on a year - over - year basis , occupancy rate and margin be all up . occupancy up 100 basis point ; rate 's up 200 basis point ; and margin 's up 120 basis point . so that be drive the 6.7 % year - over - year growth , which be the way it look at it . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch but sequentially be there anything that – with the occupancy up , be there anything sequentially on the cost side that impact margin and that hit the cash noi ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . there be some seasonality . there be add rent in the fourth quarter that have a tendency to spike at quarter - over - quarter , Juan . so it be high in the fourth quarter and traditionally low in the first quarter . Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP but it be also not see any change or increase in expense , or wage , or thing of that nature . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President no . there be just some seasonality in the portfolio , Juan . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch okay . and then with regard to capital recycling , Tandem be out there as money it could potentially get back . do it have any color on how that situation play out with regard to fund Chartwell ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP sure . let it review that a little bit with it . it have have a lot of activity with formation . it have do conversion of it participate construction loan . it have expand and convert it UK debt . it loan that it have outstanding with it on Tandem be lock from prepay through August of 2015 . but base on the activity , it think it can assume that discussion of all of it investment with formation be occur . so everything be on the table . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . that be a couple hundred million dollar , Juan . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch okay . great . and then it be just hope it could speak to opportunity it be see ex , it guess , HC - One in Europe , kind of , what asset class and what geography be it focused on at this point and when should it see , sort of , the next step overseas ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . it like – in the UK , it like the care home and it like the hospital space . Continental Europe , it like some of the post - acute , some of the care home and some of the hospital . it think the thing that it like especially in the UK and the stuff that it have do , it have be able to buy below replacement cost . Most of the asset historically have not have the necessary capital invest to make it competitive . that be an opportunity for it , obviously , to provide that capital and reposition those asset . it like the demographic trend both in the UK and in Continental Europe . and what it be see in the UK be the NHS be start to look for low - cost solution ; and it operator be look to capitalize on that . so it see a couple of different factor that make it an interesting play for it . Juan C. Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch great .  it .  it . it next question come from Kevin Tyler from Green Street Advisors . it line be open . Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors , Inc. yeah . hi , guy . talk about the Cove specifically , how do the downsizing that be in the press relate to the Onyx have be play into the competitive dynamic of that market ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it think with Onyx , it be go to end up have a building that be lease to one of it competitor that be not go to be necessarily a multi - tenant - type building , but one of the thing that it be see in it portfolio be the occupancy be up nearly 500 basis point . it have see significant rent growth . the reception that it have get on the Cove have be excellent . prospect outpace the available space . it be expect to still achieve a high-7 % type return . so it see a lot of opportunity in it portfolio and that one specific downsizing do not have an impact . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President right . onyx be own by Amgen , as it know . Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors , Inc. Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President and it be actually consolidate into it Oyster Point project in South San Francisco . one of those building actually , Kevin , be an office building . so it do not think it – give the size of the South San Francisco market have that much impact . Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors , Inc. okay .  . and then , Paul , it have some hospital – acute care hospital specifically in the portfolio . Can it provide some insight into the CapEx profile of those asset ? specifically , what do the burden look like for the operator ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP well , it have actually have a lot of experience not only invest in it , but reposition hospital . and it really get two component , which be one of the reason why look at go in EBITDAR cash flow coverage be important . and then after real estate capex , cash flow coverage , and then after hospital capex , cash flow coverage be important . and there be it typical ongoing real estate , if it will , component to that CapEx , but more significantly , there be the hospital , which be it and machine and equipment and thing of that nature that really drive a tremendous need for large coverage . and what it find over the last 12 year of do this be there be extreme volatility in have good coverage on a go - in basis be very important . so it look to underwrite coverage on an EBITDAR basis , north of 2.5 time . if it look at that and compare that to what it be see in the UK , where it be a different type of hospital and be not quite the same acute care type facility and where it have get operator with much large volume , it see a significantly low coverage appropriate , because it do not have those same amount of cost because of the makeup of the hospital . Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors , Inc. okay . it appreciate all that color . and the last one from it , when Emeritus be sell , it be able to structure a deal that be , it think , very favorable for both HCP and Brookdale . Can it provide any color on the step it would take , or maybe a negotiating leverage it could pull if Brookdale be sell to a competitor ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it guess , for starter , it do not comment on the rumor of the transaction . what it be excited about be that it continue to expand it relationship with Brookdale on a growth basis , for example , the recent Chartwell , which now make three growth joint venture ridea structure with it . so it obviously have an excellent relationship . at this point in time , it just support Andy and it team . it think it be incredibly important it complete the emeritus integration , particularly , important to it , it be a priority with it portfolio . but it guess , it would anticipate be a part of any real estate decision it would make in the future . Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors , Inc. great .  it .  it . it next question come from Andrew Rosivach from Goldman Sachs . it line be open . Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. hi .  . this be Caitlin Burrows . kind of on a similar note to the previous question , just give that Brookdale be already almost 20 % of it revenue , how much appetite do it have to expand that relationship go forward ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it think – and it will put it in the context of how it believe the rating agency and the bank and it think about it be , it be a very diversified portfolio , geographically , product - type . so it be in independent , it be in assist , it be in memory care , it be in CCRCs . the structure be set up that be strongly aligned to make sure that the property stay competitive in the marketplace give the joint CapEx effort and strategy it put together . so it believe that although it have the good operator , which be a concentration , the actual portfolio be incredibly diversify . and it would find it attractive to do more with Brookdale . Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP and one of the thing that it do consistently throughout it portfolio be look at some of those low growth asset . Tim mention capital recycling . it do that on a regular basis . as it add new – brand - new deconstructed asset into those RIDEA joint venture , it be constantly call the portfolio , look for asset to sell , and as a matter of fact , it have actually have some asset sale out of it RIDEA portfolio with Brookdale . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President and , yeah , listen , it be a risk - adjust return discussion for it . it like Brookdale . it be a financially strong operator . it have various structure with it , both on RIDEA and triple - net . as Lauralee just mention , it be geographically diverse . and it be get a product type diversification of AL , IL and CCRC . so although , it be the common denominator , Brookdale be the operator . it do like all the aspect of that portfolio . and it would look to grow with it if there be the opportunity . Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. and then , be it concerned if Brookdale pursue the transaction elsewhere , if that could impact the credit on it lease negatively ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it be incredibly important to it that it have a strong operator . it believe it have appropriate protection to make sure that it retain a strong operator , and it would definitely make sure that happen . Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it have covenant build into it lease as far as what it can and can not do from a lever standpoint . Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. okay .  it .  it . it next question come from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley . it line be now open . Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  it . it just have a question on the RIDEA side . it guy have grow the constant – or grow the business over the last year - and - a - half . it be probably now 12 % , 13 % of the business , include the recent transaction . just kind of wonder how it see that play out over the next year or two ? how large do it think that could become as a percent of the total business ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it have always look at that as an opportunistic play . it look for asset that have outsize growth . like it say , it be about 13 % of the portfolio today . it think it can probably take that up to 20 % or so . but it be go to do it on asset where it think it make sense . Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and how do it think – it mean , some of it peer have grow that business over the last three year , but now it be see a meaningful uptick in several market in term of supply . so it be just , kind of – how that decision be be – what be drive that at this point give that supply be become a big concern in many of the market ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP well , it think when it look at the situation like with what it be do with Chartwell and Brookdale , that be a scenario where certainty of execution be important . Brookdale and HCP have an edge . Brookdale be the exist operator . it also have certain right there to acquire it , make it , kind of , a de facto off - market transaction ; good strategic fit for it . it like the fact that there be no operator transition risk knowledge of the asset in the market . but it think more importantly , it look at the asset and the rate from the underlie property level be deem – from it standpoint , well below market with the capital investment program that it be go to employ there . it see tremendous upside . so it like take those kind of opportunity and utilize the RIDEA structure to the extent it can do that through a triple - net lease , which it have do in the past and get outsized growth , it do that as well . it be all base on a risk - adjust analysis . Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and then last one , just remind it on the RIDEA portfolio . what be the budget capex spend for this year maybe on a per unit basis or total ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President probably around $ 2,000 a unit . it would have to get back to it on that , Vikram . Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC okay . no problem .  it .  it . it next question come from Smedes Rose with Citi . it line be open . Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) hi .  it . it want to ask it just on the pace of acquisition activity . it be obviously a large number , but it be quite a bit a below the other two large reit in the space . and it be just wonder what kind of – it assume it guy all see a lot of the same product . it be just wonder where be it criterion different do it think maybe that it pace be a little bit different now versus the other ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director well , it think first of all , it be not how much it do , it be the invest return on it and that be always be it focus . what it really like about the $ 1.5 billion it have announce , $ 1.2 billion of it be market drive if it think RIDEA , it development at the Cove and the medical office building in Philadelphia . and so if it think about those , it be move into make sure that it be competitive in a rise interest rate environment if it ever decide to actually increase . but each one of those it have something that allow it to get investment return because it be a relationship or an advantage or it expertise . and that be what it will continue to play off as the marketplace be competitive as to price . Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) so it sound like it be more focused on RIDEA in this operating environment , which make sense on the thing that it have just say . but it mean , when it look at – it mean , do it think pricing and cap rate be too high on some of the other asset that it can not – it do not see the , kind of , return that it would want or ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President well , it think it be really always boil down to it look for an appropriate risk adjust return . and if it be in a scenario where it have to choose between a market deal at historic low cap rate and a valuation above replacement cost or something that provide it a very good risk adjust return , then it be go to pick the good risk adjust return rather than the full valuation . it do not do it a lot of good to take an asset that be at or above value and put that on it balance sheet . Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets , Inc. ( Broker ) okay .  for the color .  it . it next question come from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies . it line be open . Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC yes .  . Most of it question have be answer , but it just want to focus on the medical office building a little bit . for the quarter , cash same - store NOI growth be basically 0 % . it also come down last quarter , it be just 1.5 % . Can it just talk a little bit about what be kind of happen there in regard to why the recent cash same - store noi growth number have be somewhat weak and what the outlook be for that ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . it think if it go back and it look , as it mention , in the fourth quarter , it be off a little bit . in the fourth quarter , it have one or two unexpected vacancy . in the first quarter of this year , it actually have expect vacancy . it know that the number be go to come in flat , but that it be go to ramp up over the quarter . it still expect to see 2 % growth for the full year . if it take out the two vacancy that it have expect in the first quarter , growth would have be 3 % . so the noi and portfolio be do well . Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC okay . that be just one . that be one reason ( 50:35 ) throw the number off a little bit ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . there be some volatility , Tayo , quarter - to - quarter , but like Paul say , it be still within it expectation of 2 % growth for the year . Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC great . it appreciate it .  it .  it . it next question come from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets . it line be open . Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets LLC yes . how quickly do it plan on grow the MBK JV ? be the $ 400 million target , be that a near - term goal ? be that just long term or the ultimate goal it want to grow that JV ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President as it see the opportunistic transaction , it really get a good track record of do off - market type transaction and value creation . so it be excited about that relationship . Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets LLC so can it grow it more than the $ 400 million ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President it could . it think it be really go to be a function of how much it get out and how quickly . and it do not think it have a timeframe around when it need to get that money out the door . it have already look at a couple of transaction and it continue to be in the market . Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets LLC okay . and then , how many phase do it plan at the Cove and how many more project could it ultimately build that campus out to be ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP that be a three - phase project . that be a 884,000 square - foot project , Mike . so if it think about it , if it be in an urban area , it take a 20 , 25-storey building , cut it on it side and cut it into phase . so it be do the first phase of 253,000 foot . it be a bite - sized piece relative to the size of not only it portfolio in South San Francisco , but in it entirety . and then , once Jon Bergschneider and it team get some leasing transaction there , it can look at build out the subsequent phase . Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets LLC okay . and then , last question for it be , can it , kind of , give it some color on the patient mix of the HC - one portfolio in the UK ? how much of that be private pay and how much of that be pay by the NHS ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP right now , it be kind of mid - to - high 20%s of private pay , the remainder be NHS . it actually look to see that as an opportunity to grow . it have get a big CapEx program in there . and it see an advantage both from the private pay standpoint and what it would mention , low - cost setting to NHS where it can actually bring in NHS patient that pay a high weekly reimbursement than what it get from just a normal care . so it actually see upside in two form . and it do not necessarily view that an NHS - base asset as a bad thing . it be just it like the mix and it like the opportunity to move the mix , especially , as it spend the CapEx to reposition the asset . Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets LLC okay . great .  it .  it . it next question come from Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities . it line be now open . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc.  .  . Lauralee , at the beginning , it , kind of , seem to be choose it word carefully . it say that the DOJ intervention be not a factor in it lease negotiation . it guess , it want to ask , kind of , point - blank , do it know about it when it announce that ? or do it not know about it ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it do not . as soon as it receive word , it issue an 8-k the next morning . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. okay . so then , do it have any ability to go – it do not know , in what form this would take , but have not know that that be come , or do it just – that be a risk that it have to take , know that there be an investigation go on ? be there anything it can do to recoup some of the value there in the aftermath of this now become a doj event ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director the investigation be ongoing before that . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director what it do say and it think it be incredibly important , it rent reduction be a balance of two thing . one , do it get appropriate trade for the amount of rent it give up ? and number two , be HCR now position with the right financial flexibility to grow it business ? and those two thing be exactly meet with the structure that it put on the table and it close . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and so it still feel very good about that . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. for the other two where the DOJ do not intervene , include HCP , be those matter over ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. officially over ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. okay . okay . and then , it would like to get it opinion on the doc - fix pay for , it think , in the case of post - acute , it be go to see it market basket – it think it have this right , go down from , call it , 3.5 % for that space to maybe 1 % in term of growth . first of all , do it basically have that right ? and if it do , be it a good thing or a bad thing in the sense that right when it may be get this HCR ManorCare thing behind it , and then , boom , here come another anvil to stop the story . any comment on that issue for it ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director first of all , it be close to ACA , which be the group that represent the skilled industry . what it would say be it be very much front and center in the bipartisan transaction that be negotiate and feel that be a very good outcome . it take a number of uncertainty off the table . one , that , in fact , there could be a cut or an unknown . there be now certainty in definition . also in there be an extension of some therapy capability , again , another positive for the post - acute . and what it have also be advise be that it have not be take off the table that if pay - for can continue to be put forward by the various organization that would benefit keep the cost down , quality outcome up and so forth , which be what the post - acute and skilled industry provide , but those could be substitute for the transaction that have be agree . so again , it take a lot of unknown off the table and allow HCR to run it business with know reimbursement relative to it business model . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. okay . and then , the last question it have be maybe just a big picture , but a year ago , January , it have two issue to deal with . one be Emeritus coverage and one be HCR ManorCare coverage . it address Emeritus , now Brookdale , in very decisive manner about a year ago today . it do not look back now and say , this HCR issue be still a part of the conversation in a big way that it wish it would do more ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director again , it feel it do a balanced transaction that be right for shareholder and what HCR need and there would not have be a different structure that would have take away it question on the Department of Justice . Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA , Inc. okay . fair enough .  it .  it . it next question come from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets . it line be open . Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc.  . it just want to follow up on the MBK JV and , it guess , Chartwell , it have kind of explain on some level . but the premium return that seem to be achieve on these type of transaction , can it maybe just flesh out where that be come from or how those be be source and the extent of future opportunity at those level ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . let it dive into that a little more . first off , the seed asset , it have the ability to select those asset . it be all in good location . it be all in high growth market , two of which be California . it have be a part of the revenue - enhance capital investment program that have be start and will continue post - close on those particular asset , that be go to facilitate additional growth . property performance of those asset actually exceed it underwriting during the closing and licensing period . so it be actually ahead of budget already . it like the entry point , less than $ 300,000 a unit , and that include two California property . more importantly , it also like the alignment of the 50/50 joint venture . and it like the track record it have of go out and find off - market , value - add - type acquisition . and it think together as a group , it can go out and take advantage of that , it capital , it ability to turn asset around and create some growth . Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc. okay . and could it shed a little bit more light on the structure of the venture it ? it know it be 50/50 . $ 400 million be total investable ? what be leverage and fee – what do leverage and fee look like ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President today , that be about $ 125 million joint venture . it have – it want to say about , call it , $ 75 million to $ 80 million of debt in place . so each equity investment be about – each equity share in the 50/50 joint venture Paul just talk about , it be about $ 25 million so far , Jordan . Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc. okay . and then last follow - up be on Tandem . do it have – be it safe to assume that Tandem be repay on the debt side be embed in the low - end of it guidance ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . Tandem be in it – it assume the Tandem guidance , and that would be in the low - end of it guidance , yes , to answer it question . Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets , Inc. okay .  it . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President that would be at the low - end .  it . and it next question come from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets . it line be now open . John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States )  it .  . it look like it be expect in the $ 250 million to $ 350 million in proceed on the ManorCare sale . it look like it be expect about $ 5 million to $ 7 million per asset . and that compare to it $ 18 million book value per asset for this portfolio . so it be just wonder , be that $ 250 million to $ 350 million , be that the gross proceed it be expect or the net proceed ? and then second of all , be the buyer look to convert these asset into an alternative use ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director the buyer be buy these asset as holdcos . so it will run it consistent with it business model . it do – what it be be tell be the asset be very attractive , number one , because it tend to have a high q - mix than many of these operator normally achieve . additionally , it view the vacancy as real opportunity in term of Medicaid , which be an expertise that most of it have as well . so again , yes , it be look at the asset different strategically than an HCR ManorCare would who be very focused on post - acute . Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . it do not think it be a change in use . it be a change in operating model . Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) okay . and it look like it fix the cap rate on the sale at 7.75 % and it be imply what the lose rent would be base on the sale price and the fix cap rate of 7.75 % ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) but it question be how do it get that 7.75 % , because these asset be yield right now at 8.6 % and it look like it be sell this at a significant discount , the book value . so if anything , the yield loss would be much high than 8.6 % , not low . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President no . it be – listen , the 7.75 % be a negotiation . these be old , more mature asset , non - strategic . it should take that to mean location that HCR do not necessarily have a strong foothold in . so it feel that give the quality of these asset that it be go to look to sell on the margin , it want to incentivize HCR to dispose of the asset . it think it can find an attractive use of the proceed in the portfolio over the long run . John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) maybe ask a different way , it be take a top - down approach rather than a bottom - up approach ? Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) and would be the asset a year or two ago , would it have generate $ 500,000 in rent per asset because that be what it be imply with the sale price and the cap rate ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it be not get where it be go , John . John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) well , it seem like the 7.75 % , in other word , it be , sort of , an arbitrary number to reduce the dilution where in reality these asset ... Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP listen , it think it go with the quality of these asset . it mean , it have say before it do not meaningfully contribute to the EBITDAR coverage associate with it lease . so , in fact , give the quality and age and mix and operation of these asset , so that be a fair cap rate . John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States ) okay . and then just on ManorCare , to it knowledge , have the company have any additional scrutiny with Medicare in the past few month ? and be there any potential revenue loss that the company may have go forward ? Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director not to it knowledge . it have not see anything in it first quarter result . and again , it business model have stay consistent throughout the entire Department of Justice investigation and it be also the business model that be in the business plan for this year and the budget that it outperform on in the first quarter . John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets ( United States )  it . it next question come from Daniel Bernstein from Stifel . it line be now open . Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc.  it . it appreciate it hang on to take it question here . in term of HC - One , be the transition to a fee ownership , be that a part of a purchase option that it see in this part of the loan ? or be that a negotiate transaction ? and do it think – be there an opportunity to convert the rest of that loan into fee ownership 2015 , 2016 ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP when it utilize debt , it like the optionality that it give it . it do have right to buy and finance as a result of it debt investment , and it be actually able to go through the portfolio and pick out the asset that it think would be good candidate at this particular time . Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. okay . and then if it be just read it comment correctly on the potential to increase the RIDEA to 20 % of the portfolio , or 20 % of NOI , it be not sure which one it say , but be that more of a , like it say , an opportunistic transaction rather than a bullish statement on senior 's housing ? or should it read it as both give some of the weakness in the senior 's housing NIC MAP datum the last couple of quarter , maybe that be seasonal , maybe some of that be the brookdale acquisition integration . but be it bullish in senior 's housing ? or be it just more of just opportunistic it find asset that be under - perform , it think it can get extra growth , or be it both ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it think it have be consistent all along . it view RIDEA as meet a different level of risk - adjust return versus a triple - net - type asset . and therefore , it be go to be look for opportunity where it can reposition asset , where it can look at market - drive rent , capital investment program , rate and thing of that nature to be able to drive noi growth . and to the extent , it think that the risk - adjust return be sufficient for the risk that it be take versus a triple - net - type investment , it be go to go ahead and make that investment and it see that in both the Chartwell and the MBK transaction . Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. okay . and then in term of the overall strategy for investment , historically , HCP have make some really large transaction , CNL , Slough , HCR ManorCare . more lately , it seem like it be do more single and double and more relationship building , rather than just these really large transaction . be that how it should think about the portfolio , the investment that it be go to go forward with ? or be it inclined to do large transaction as well , not that Chartwell be not large , but multi - billion of dollar , or should it think of it more of do these $ 100 million , $ 200 million , $ 300 million and still get to that $ 2 billion a year investment pace ? be that the strategy at this point ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah . it have have a good history of do large opportunistic transaction . one of the thing that it see be the ability to increase it origination capability . it bring in asset management people to help free up p&l leader and be out in the marketplace , actively look at what it consider to be kind of medium - sized transaction and try to generate a deal flow . and it think it have see that over the past couple of quarter where it have be able to go out and consistently win transaction that it think pay it a good risk adjust return . Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and it be go to spend a lot of time talk about this at it Investor Day . one of the thing that it say earlier be that it be important for it to have a consistent growth and it do that by both middle market and transformative . but again , it will be a topic for Investor Day . Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel , Nicolaus & Co. , Inc. Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director it have two more question in queue . it will take those because it be get past the hour .  it . it next question come from Todd Stender from Wells Fargo . it line be now open . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC hi .  for stay on . just a follow - up with regard to the Philly MOB . it do not know if it miss this . how much of the building do Thomas Jefferson take up ? how long be it lease ? and can it just talk about it in - place rent versus market ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it do not know specifically . it think it be less than 50 % of the building , but there be opportunity for it to expand into the space . the rent be probably deem to be slightly below market , but not tremendously below market . and lease term go out , it believe , well over 10 year . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC okay .  . and then just to go here a little bit more about the economic , what be it CapEx budget for the building ? and it can talk about the economic cap rate that it underwrote it at and also on an IRR basis . Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President yeah . it think – listen , it think it could see some upside . it know it will see some upside in that building . as Paul mention , it be in a mid to high-6 % cap rate go in . it have get some upside and some vacancy in the building that could move it up into the low-7%s . there will be some CapEx involve in that , but that low-7 % cap rate would incorporate the additional capex , Todd , that it need to put into the building . so that be why ... Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP yeah , but the CapEx be not go to be a tremendous driver . over the past several year , a significant amount of the whole building system have be upgrade . the building 's actually in very , very good condition . the one thing that be leave to do be an elevator upgrade that be factor into it particular number . so it do not think this be go to have a different capex profile than it other mob on an ongoing operating basis or other acquisition that it make . it be not go to be a significantly different type economic cap rate type profile . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC okay . it ask because it be arguably one of it large mob , so just , kind of , where on the risk spectrum do this sit versus , say , 100,000 square - foot building ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP it feel really good about the relationship that it have with Thomas Jefferson University . it have extensive discussion with it in advance . it like this particular building . it view it as a way for it to expand and to be adjacent to it particular university . so with both it and the doc that work at the university , it see the upside in be able to convert office rent into MOB rent go forward . and that be really go to be the economic play for it . Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director and it be very excited to have a true owner of healthcare and medical office building come in versus a landlord that have be focus in a different area . so it think the relationship will be nothing , but positive and Philadelphia be a very , very robust medical office center . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Timothy M. Schoen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President as Paul say , Todd , it be anchor by over 50 % with Thomas Jefferson and it be a complement as well to it 3535 Market Building that it purchase last year give it – as Paul – again , reiterate Paul 's remark , that it have 1.1 million square foot in that market today . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC  for that . and just finally who be go to manage the building , it guess , with the 50 % , that be go to be multi - tenant physician ? Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP one of it large national operating relationship that it have in the MOB space . Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC okay .  it . and it last question come from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan . it line be now open . Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC actually , it try to get out of the queue . it question be answer , but  . Paul F. Gallagher - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP all right .  , Mike . Lauralee E. Martin - President , Chief Executive Officer & Director okay . well ,  it , all , for join it this morning . it be very excited about it upcoming Investor Day and hope it will be join it on May 11 at the New York Stock Exchange . it will be profile it business leader , it segment strategy , it growth opportunity , as well as celebrate 30 year as a public company . 