yes , let it just talk about the last part first . it mean , it still do believe that it be talk about a timing issue when it talk about growth in Intelsat Epic . it be see new contract , as it note . there be growth there , but it be not see it at the pace that it have anticipate . it believe that the timing will , obviously recover in time . but it be still early in the Intelsat Epic era let it say , in term of put this capacity into service . if it think about it , Intelsat 33e , 32e , 35e , have all just go in service in the last eight month . so it be still in the early part of the ramp . and as it have talk before , it feel pretty good about Intelsat 29e and where it be ramp . and it feel that it have a delay ramp on 33e . so again , it be a point of timing , but it do see demand across multiple segment . in term of 2018 , as usual , it do not address specific 2018 guidance until it fourth quarter call in February . but it -- let it just -- and it be actually very active right now on build it business plan for next year and beyond , so it be a work in progress . but it can make some general comment . it be , as it note in the early remark , it be in transition still , and it have note that it be take it longer than anticipate to get to a growth profile . in term of the business dynamic that it be see today that may be in the future , it be important to note , in medium , it growth have be as a result of new capacity and new service on a number of specific satellite . in 2018 , it will not have substantial new capacity in medium . and it have note also that on a few north american medium renewal in 2018 , 2019 , there may be a bit of compression , although nowhere near what it be in 2015 . in government , it have note that new business be generally flattish . not a lot of new start there right now . and it note , just a few minute ago , about re - compete , which be renewal from the government business that be come up for renewal after a 5-year period that will probably have some pricing market - to - market reset . and then in NST , while it be see mobility as be a strong part of the business and grow at double digit and Intelsat Epic ramping , it be ramp slower than anticipate , as it have note . and it still have headwind across that unit in term of reprice point - to - point service in other area that be a little bit challenge at the moment . so maybe that can give it a little bit of view of where it see the business today and what it may [ indiscernible ] for 2018 . okay ,  for that . and then for the C - band spectrum proposal , it know the process be just get start , but it be be about a month since it announcement . what have it hear , thus far , from various constituent , whether it be the FCC , wireless operator or other player in the C - band in North America in term of it receptivity for the proposal ? and that at least still a very wide range , but if this proposal or version of this do become a reality , do it have a sense of how long it would take Intelsat to see some tangible financial benefit from the initiative ? Stephen Spengler sure . it mean it be still very early in that process . and because it be in the middle of a NOI process , the FCC be appropriately not comment at this stage . it have 80 different submission , a couple of month ago , and then there be another due date for submission in the middle of November . so it be gather a lot of information , a lot of perspective from a lot of different place . it think it put forward a very creative , pragmatic , market - base solution that can give it customer certainty that it medium service will continue well into the future without interference , but also address the real need of the 5 g industry and broadband growth in the U.S. it have be talk to party across the broad telecom industry and talk about it proposal and explain it to it and help it understand and why it believe this be a win - win across the broad telecom sector . and so it be not go to comment on any specific conversation , but it be engage across the industry . and of course , it be talk to it customer . and first and foremost make sure it understand it motivation for do this and how it give it the certainty and surety that it need go forward for it service . Stephen Spengler  it . and the next question will come from Michael Pace of JPMorgan . it line be open . hi , just a follow - up on the business from some question ago . it guess , it just want to be clear , with the slowing of it guess 33e and Epic , in general . again , it just want to reiterate , it be not lose potential customer to competitive service , it be just that delay be still there . and then , Steve , it mention that it be go to take gain momentum . it be curious what it think that catalyst can be for the company to gain momentum with Epic . Stephen Spengler sure . it may remember in the last quarter call , it talk about the challenge of grow business on Intelsat 33e as it relate to mobile operator . and it be not a matter of not get receptivity from it because it be still close business with mobile operator , but it be a long sale cycle due to the how it evaluate it business case across multiple investment option that it have . so it do not see this a matter -- as a matter of lose business , but a matter of timing , go forward . Intelsat Epic have grow , as it have note it , with additional contract over the past quarter . it backlog be now over $ 1 billion on the Intelsat Epic satellite . and so it be pretty firm in it belief about this be a timing matter . in term of catalyst for go forward , it manage service be important element of it and it package service be an important element . it talk about the Mobile Reach service that it have put together for 2 g , 3 g and 4 g mobile operator , which be a package solution that it could believe give these mobile operator a well economic package to expand into remote and rural area , to expand it reach of it network in a very economical way , deliver it the service that it need , leverage solar power capability . that be one step . the IntelsatOne Flex service ride primarily across the Intelsat Epic network , that will also be a catalyst . so as it continue to move capacity to customer , it be also focus on deliver service in different package and manage service offering to help catalyze that growth over time . and as part of that , do have 37e up and run in early 2018 , do that also help it sell globally Epic ? or be it still more of a regional focus ? and then , again on the same topic , it say in the past that it goal or target would be to get to a 40 % to 60 % utilization rate on Epic within a 3-year - ish period time frame . do that change give what it have see over the last 12 to 18 month operate Epic ? Stephen Spengler no , it be still track towards that business case goal that it have . and as it note earlier , it be still in the very early day on a number of these satellite , and Intelsat 37e do not go into service until the first quarter of next year . Intelsat 37e , in particular , while it do have coverage that be similar to 33e over Africa , it be a large satellite that have a lot of capability across the Americas , across Europe , Africa , Middle East for mobility service , across ocean region and it have an advanced payload that provide full connectivity between c - band , Ku - band and Ka - band , include some Ka - band spot beam that be steerable , that be go to be very interesting for a number of customer . so it should not be view as a duplicate of Intelsat 33e , it have some coverage area that be comparable , but it have a lot of capability that it think over the long term will be quite attractive , especially for mobility customer and government customer .  , just a quick one for Jacques . it guess , it be see kind of record low cost line item direct and SG&A. it do take out some bad debt noise , historically . so it be wonder how sustainable be these level and be there any bad debt noise in the SG&A number for the third quarter ?  it . Jacques Kerrest  , Michael . it think if it look at it third quarter it be the total of the cost both SG&A and the direct cost . it be pretty similar . obviously , there be some number that go up and down between these two quarter , but it think it be a good run rate go forward . on Q3 -- remember , on Q2 , it benefit from a reversal of bad debt . so -- but it have that quarter very high professional fee associate with the M&A activity that it have in the first half of the year . it do not have this in the third quarter , and it have normal bad debt expense in the third quarter . the rest of it it discuss earlier in the previous quarter in term of staff cost associate with incentive payment go forward . so it think this quarter be very similar to the second quarter besides the up and down in the item that it just mention .  , very helpful .  it . the next question be from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo . it line be open .  it . the guidance for the full year , the bottom end of the range , $ 2.15 billion , would imply a big ramp from Q3 to Q4 ex the onetime revenue . and it be just wonder , if it be expect a sharp ramp like that or if it guidance be just sort of roughly around the $ 2.15 level .  . Stephen Spengler well , it indicate that it be go to expect to come in at the bottom of it guidance range . it obviously be confident that it have a way to get there , and that be why it reaffirm that today . it have to bring closure to some new business and some renewal over the come week . to get there it have to diligently manage risk and headwind during the same period . so , that be it good view as it be right now and totally focus on achieve that . okay . Steve , it want to ask it the discussion about the Flex product and the manage service as be one of the driver go forward . it understanding be manage service be somewhat of a change for the service provider in the market , that Intelsat take a little bit more of the responsibility for the service , the service provider lose some of it value - add , etcetera . and it be wonder , can it elaborate on some of the reason , that the manage service product have not move faster ? be there any pushback from the service provider or any of sort of other issue just beyond long purchasing cycle and a slow ramp ? Stephen Spengler yes , sure . first of all , it be important to remember that about 20 % of it revenue today come from manage service at some form . and so what it be talk about here be sort of this next step in manage service , the IntelsatOne Flex , that be specifically design around the value of Intelsat Epic and what it can do for customer . it also do not view it as a situation where it be take value away from it service provider but it be enable it to deliver more value to end user . in other word , it have what it believe be core expertise in building and managing satellite networking infrastructure . and by leverage it investment and it infrastructure build and platform , it allow it service provider partner to focus on what it be good at especially , which be focus on the application that it layer on top of these communication service that it deliver to end customer , focus on the marketing and sale of the service to the end user , focus on the support and service that it may provide perhaps to an airline or a commercial shipping line and other , and that whole life cycle support . in term of where it be on IntelsatOne Flex , the delay be not because of a lack of demand or a lack of order , the delay be really due to operational matter where it have have challenge with some software implementation from one of it vendor that have be challenge over the last few month that it believe it be come to the end of right now . and so , it have customer that be actually operate on the system , but will be go live very shortly as it have resolve these issue . and in fact , in it opening comment , it reference a large and substantial maritime service provider that will be commence service in the fourth quarter for the IntelsatOne Flex service . so there have be a delay , of course in term of get those service up and run , and so the ramp have now shift into 2018 . and it be go to ramp over time and so -- but it do believe that this be go to be an important service for it over the long term . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question be from Anthony Klarman of Deutsche Bank . it line be open . Anthony Klarman hi ,  a few question . first be , Steve it guess , it mention epic backlog . it think it hear it say epic backlog of about $ 1 billion . it do not recall it hearing -- hear it talk about that type of backlog figure previously . it guess , it be wonder if it could provide some context , maybe just sort of give it a sense as to what that number would have look like a quarter or two ago , just so it can get a sense as to how it tie up the ramp in epic backlog with the slow sale lead cycle that it have identify , in particular , on some of the epic bird ? Stephen Spengler yes . it be correct , that be something it do not think it have mention before . it be over $ 1 billion . that backlog will move in two form . that may move in big chunk when it have high volume customer primarily in the mobility sector , that may take on large commitment . and it may move in small increment , where it may provide service to enterprise network provider and also wireless network operator . and so , it do not want to really get into the history of how that be ramp over time . it obviously get a strong start at the very beginning , as everybody know . it have be pretty steady over that time period . and it focus be to continue to build that backlog and solidify that part of it business . it think it be important to note if it look at the overall volume on it network , it fill factor on it wide beam satellite be -- have be steady at 78 % or in that neighborhood for a while . and it have be get growth in build on it Intelsat Epic platform at the same time . it just have not be at that rate that it want it to be at , but it be grow to be a more substantial part of it network service backlog , in particular , as it go forward . Anthony Klarman  . and then , Jacques it guess , it guy have call out the low end of the range on revenue , but it do not talk about the range on EBITDA , and it be wonder if that be with intention . and it guess , it question be , give that there be only one quarter leave in the guidance , a $ 30 million range in EBITDA in the guidance obviously imply a very wide range for the fourth quarter . Could it help , sort of narrow down it view on where it think EBITDA come in the fourth quarter in the guidance range ? Jacques Kerrest well as it could tell , there be some item that can move the needle here in EBITDA . and so that be why it say it be very comfortable with that guidance . it do not want to be more specific . it think it still believe that it will be in the guidance , but it do not want to indicate further specificity on that number . so ... Anthony Klarman okay . and then maybe , two final question . first , on the cash flow statement there be an insurance settlement . it think it have previously disclose file an insurance claim on a satellite where it have an issue . be that the full amount that it expect to receive in insurance purpose , or be there any other settlement that it think move into some future quarter ? Jacques Kerrest no . it think what it have indicate , and it be not sure if it refer to the $ 28 million that it have recover so far at the end of the September , or the large amount that it have indicate before , which be the $ 78 million that it be look for . since the end of the quarter it have collect more than $ 28 million , and it continue to discuss this with the insurer , and it feel comfortable with where it position be . and it will give more detail on this at the end of this quarter when it release it full year . Anthony Klarman great ,  . and then final question , it have talk a bit about some capital structure priority . obviously it have largely speak for the bond maturity that it have come up next year . it guess it question be more on the bank debt . and it think it have call out that the bank debt be a priority for it to think about go forward . the first lien market be still a very good market . and it be wonder if it could sort of layout it priority and maybe a time line along which to think about how it approach refinance the big bank debt maturity in 2019 . Jacques Kerrest yes . it be always a balance managing -- try to manage the maternity schedule that it have and also the incremental expense because spread on the term loan which mature in 2019 be 275 basis point . and so , it believe , that it secure leverage , which be less than 3x EBITDA will continue to give it plenty of alternative to refinance this . it look at the market on a daily basis , and it will act when it feel that it be appropriate for it to refinance and push the maturity of that secure debt . it be the next maturity , as it indicate before , since it have refinance the 2019 bond to 2025 . so it think , it may -- it tend to look at thing at least a year or 18 month in advance of maturity . so it will continue to look at the market and move when it think it be appropriate . Anthony Klarman  , and then final question for Steve . on the C - band noi , it guess , it know it say in it commentary , could take year to sort of realize this to whatever conclusion it may come out to . but it guess , could it set a more near - term time frame on when it expect the NOI process to be complete and then how that may transition to an NPRM or sort of what step it think kind of come after the NOI with some time frame ? Stephen Spengler yes . that be very hard to predict , because it be really in the hand of the FCC . the -- as it mention the next submission be on the 15th of November , that be when it final comment be due to the NOI . and then , the FCC have to evaluate all of those input that have come in and then decide how it be go to move to rule making or not . it think , if history be any guide , this process could take a year or two to go through . the FCC be extremely busy with a lot of different activity at the moment , and so this be not something that can -- will necessarily happen quickly at the FCC . however , it proposal , as construct and if it be receive well by the FCC and something come out of the rule - making that be similar to what it believe , the approach that it put together be an approach that , once the FCC make a decision , it can get to an end result within two year , perhaps . it be something where it would have to work quite quickly in term of clearing capacity , reach agreement with operator . and so that be one of the benefit of it approach be take a market base approach to it . it could move a lot faster . but that be a proposition that it have make at this stage . Anthony Klarman great .  it . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question come from Batya Levi of UBS . it line be open . Unidentified Analyst this be Chris [ Ph ] for Batya . if it proposal be adopt , can it help it think through the impact it current business may face on a go - forward basis ? and any restriction on exist service it may see . and along those line , as it think about monetize this spectrum , would it mainly focus on the top city and how much of it holding do it anticipate retain to support ongoing operation ?  . Stephen Spengler sure . so it proposal be design in that it would have a complete ability to serve it customer and what it need be in term of medium distribution and other service in the United States . so it be not a proposal where it will be sacrifice any revenue or disappoint any customer in term of it ability to serve it . that be an important element of what it be put together . and so , that be an absolute priority for it as it go forward . the second part of the question ? it be sorry . Unidentified Analyst as it monetize the spectrum , would it mainly focus on the top city and how much of it portfolio could it sell ? Stephen Spengler oh , sorry . yes . well , it think that and it assessment at this stage be that the most urgent and attractive geographic area for the wireless operator be that -- be in the metropolitan area . and so it proposal envision clearing capacity a block of capacity , in the major metropolitan area where 5 g operator need the spectrum most urgently . and so that be what it have put on the table . in do so , it would retain it priority and it right for the capacity . and it would make it available , on a specific - block basis , to the wireless operator under management from Intelsat . Unidentified Analyst okay .  it . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question be from Wilton Fry of Royal Bank of Canada . it line be open hi . just on c - band . Could it give it some color on [ indiscernible ] break rank with the industry . obviously , it be a signatory to the industry defend c - band historically at the World Radio Conference . and be that decision drive really by a financial opportunity ? be there some acknowledgment that if it do not use it , it could be take away from it ? it guess , also wrap up in that question be do it consider the impact it would have on SoftBank ? and lastly just [ indiscernible ] topic , could it use c - band globally ?  . Stephen Spengler okay . so first of all , it have be a vigorous defender of c - band globally . and it still view it as a vigorous defender of c - band globally . it have not break rank with the industry . and it believe that co - frequency use of the c - band between wireless and satellite , it still contend and believe firmly that that be not feasible , use of the same frequency by multiple -- by satellite and by wireless . and so it have not break rank at all in that sense . however , in the United States , it be very clear from over the last few year , from comment by the FCC , by the legislation that be in Congress , that there be extreme focus on the 3.7 to 4.2 spectrum band . in fact , there be one bill that pass the Senate already that direct the FCC to conduct a study to free up those band for wireless operator . there be another bill that be in Congress right now that mandate that the FCC clear up those -- that spectrum for wireless operator . yesterday , there be a hearing on the House of Commerce Commission -- Committee where all five FCC commissioner be present . and in that hearing , there be specific mention of the 3.7 to 4.2 spectrum band be a target for 5g. so this be where thing be develop . and so it make the decision specifically , on behalf of it customer , and on behalf of the service that it be provide , to develop an approach that be proactive , that be creative , that be market - base , that would allow it to preserve it customer service and allow it to operate on an interference - free basis well into the future , which would not be the case under a co - frequency sharing scheme , and also to allow freeing up of a portion of the c - band for wireless operator . and so it think this be a win - win . that be the motivation for what it be do . it think that as it -- this be better understand , it will be appreciate that this be a proactive approach to avoid what could be a very unattractive situation create risk and interference into it medium customer business and transmission . so that be the motivation and where it stand on it position . then it ask a question about SoftBank . SoftBank be not involve , whatsoever , in it decision - making here . this be an Intelsat business decision . it have a -- as it know , it have a commercial arrangement with SoftBank , in connection with it OneWeb partnership . and so that be continue , but it be not engage with SoftBank on this particular issue . and so globally , c - band , let it talk about what it view this . it view this as a u.s.-specific situation and a u.s.-specific issue to be address , and that be how it be pursue it . it do not believe this be necessarily applicable , globally , for several reason . one be that the urgency for this c - band spectrum to be use by 5 g be much less around the world . in other word , there be currently plenty of spectrum for wireless operator to expand in 4 g and 5 g , in general . secondly , c - band , in many region of the world , be extensively use not just by television distribution , but also by core telecom network across many of these country . and so it be embed into the infrastructure , it will be much more difficult to extract . the third thing , just to note , that some of these frequency band within the broad c - band have already be allocate to wireless in certain country , and so this be not something that be unprecedented , but it be not so much a factor in other place . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question be from Lance Vitanza of Cowen . it line be open . hi .  for take the question . actually , it be go to try to get three in . the first , just on Epic , with the revenue ramp take more time than it expect , the sale cycle be slow , do that mean that , in a perfect world , it would have launch the fleet over a long period of time from the first to the fifth ? or do some of the revenue ramp depend on have more of the satellite up in place ? Stephen Spengler it have always view the Intelsat Epic investment as an investment in a series of satellite that give it global coverage and give it some resiliency between multiple satellite . it think this be what it customer be look for , especially mobility customer that need a footprint of service on a global basis with multiple layer of capacity . so it do not think it would change it philosophy in term of how it would build and how it would architect the system . obviously , it can not control -- when it make these decision , several year ago , it can not control the timing of different market dynamic and how the take - up be . it be not necessarily go to be linear . it be -- and so , it be go to continue to see growth in spurt . and other time , it be go to be perhaps slow . but over the long term , it believe it have make the right decision , right investment , and this be exactly what it customer need for growth . it also want to note that the -- let it just add , Lance , one more thing . the Intelsat Epic satellite be also replacement satellite . and so it be replace , largely , it 9-series satellite that be reach the end of life . and so it be an important investment to make from that standpoint as well to give those customer continuity well into the future . got it . okay , so then speak of mobility , that be it next question , could it put any metric around that business in term of annual revenue as a category ? how quickly it be grow ? it mean , it sense be it now could be it big category and certainly it fastest - grow . but if there be anymore specific that it could provide would be helpful ? Stephen Spengler sure . a couple thing , perhaps , may be helpful . mobility , as it have be talk about , have be a strong growth area for the business . and for it , it be be maritime mobility for cruise ship , for commercial shipping as well as superyacht and those sort of thing . and it be be aeronautical mobility for commercial airline . and it also see opportunity in private business jet , government jet , et cetera . and it have , of course , be serve the U.S. Military as well for manned and unmanned application . the next - phase mobility may also be on the land . and what it be do with Kymeta be specifically focused on land mobility application , which would be the precursor , eventually , of a connected car application down the road . but in the meantime , it see service it can develop and bring to market with Kymeta for emergency response and other kind of land mobility application . mobility be a bit over $ 200 million annualize . right now , that be commercial mobility , specifically , exclude government mobility . and year - to - year growth be around 18 % . so maybe that give it some sort of perspective of where it be at the present time . that be perfect . and just last for it , just to finish -- get on the C - band stuff . it have mention a couple of time , it think , it refer to it as have primary status on the 500 megahertz or maybe it be get the language wrong . but it be wonder who else or what other type of people , number of people organization have access to that band right now ? and then , specifically , if it have any reaction or rebuttal to the T - Mobile comment that perhaps it may see on the docket or perhaps it be already on the docket and it have miss it . but if it could comment on that , it would appreciate it ?  . Stephen Spengler yes . it have primary right to that capacity , and it have have that for decade . it be not the only one . there be one other U.S. license c - band provider , that be SES , but there be also a few other company that have c - band service over the U.S. in term of the T - Mobile comment , look , it think it be see a diversity of opinion in the NOI response and perhaps publicly since the NOI response . every company be look at it from it own business perspective . in particular , for a mobile operator , it have particular strategy around it spectrum , and so it be go to approach it from there own particular prospective . and so it do not want to comment specifically , but it be really something for T - Mobile to , perhaps , elaborate on and explain further .  it very much . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question be from David Phipps of Citi Group . it line be open . hi .  for take the question . it guess , maybe it will try another angle on the sale for Epic . so in the sale for Epic , it be a different product to different people . so be there -- be there a different sale team or a different approach ? and maybe it can talk about how it be foster some of the sale ramp and what it be do differently in the face of a slow sale ramp ? Stephen Spengler well , it mean , it be not -- the Intelsat Epic service and platform be , as it have talk about before , design to help stimulate growth in new sector and new market , but it be also important for it current customer . it have talk about , just a minute ago , about how it have be a platform for transition of service from it 9-series satellite to the future . and so , it have see it establish customer base of service provider and distribution partner utilize Intelsat Epic and grow on Intelsat Epic and expand it service on Intelsat Epic . it be a bit different architecturally . and so it have a team of solution engineer that work with it sale force , work with it customer , and engage very closely on optimize the design of it network requirement around this high - throughput spot beam environment . and so it have focus team around these effort to work in that direction . so it be something , as it say , it think be go to ramp over time . it ask about what be the thing that can catalyze this . it have touch upon some of it already . it think that in addition to capacity sale , for a number of customer , it be important to have package solution , and it could be a package solution where it help mobile operator expand into remote and rural area with it Mobile Reach service . it could be the work it be do with Kymeta and it KALO service to allow the utilization of Intelsat Epic service for land mobile solution . and it will give it an example of that , if it could , in just one second . and there could be the IntelsatOne Flex service that help both enterprise customer and mobility customer expand and build on the Intelsat Epic system globally in a much more simple and unified way . but maybe it could just illustrate one thing , David . and the example be Puerto Rico . in Puerto Rico right now , it be respond to it -- the dire need that it have down there , in partnership with Kymeta , in partnership with Liberty . and it be an example of how it be leverage the Intelsat Epic power and performance and reduce it Intelsat Epic satellite and it ground network and platform that be teleport in the U.S. to provide a service into Puerto Rico to Liberty . and what it be do be it have several suv equip with electronically steerable flat - panel Kymeta antenna and a Wi - Fi system , and then take these suv around Puerto Rico for support of community that have be disconnect to support FEMA as it help individual make claim and other kind of service . that be a relief effort , an emergency response effort , but it be -- it illustrate what it can do in provide service over Intelsat Epic , a mobility solution , leverage this new antenna technology and really make a difference as well in that kind of application . so a couple of thing . it have get a couple of incoming message while the call have be go on . so one be , it guess , people be look for more color as to why someone would choose to terminate when it get a good service , so that on the not - so - constructive side . and on the positive side , could it talk a little bit about the maritime ramp and how it think that roll out and maybe give it some context on size , timing , or Middle East , what the area be target ? Stephen Spengler just on the termination , it presume it be talk about the medium customer . yes . the medium customer . yes . Stephen Spengler yes , just to be clear . that customer do not terminate . it terminate a particular service . and so , it be still a major provider to that particular customer across a very large geographic region , and [ indiscernible ] as a major . it be the distribution for that customer , period , across the geographic region , and that will continue into the future . what it be do be support it to enhance a particular service through some terrestrial manage service that it be provide , and it decide to partially terminate , obviously , a portion of that service at this point in time rather than go forward . so it be not a lose customer , it be still provide both satellite and terrestrial service to that customer , but it be partially terminate . and it second question be maritime ramp , be it specifically about ramp maritime ? yes . so talk about the maritime ramp and what the opportunity set be there ? Stephen Spengler sure . Maritime , the big opportunity in maritime be commercial shipping and cruise , with an emerge growth in small vessel over time , as the Intelsat Epic and the antenna solution improve and be able to be deliver . so in the cruise sector , there be a lot of growth . it be a position where Intelsat be very active . statistically there be about 250 large cruise ship in operation today . Intelsat provide service to about 90 % -- sorry , 87 % of it . and so it be something where it be very active with service provider partner in provide those service . what it have see be that the cruise company be need more and more bandwidth to the ship . it customer be bring more and more device on board . the average family bring 10 device now as oppose to two just a few year ago , and so there be a lot of demand and growth in that sector , and it be very active there . the commercial maritime business be place where it be enable service provider in that sector to deliver broadband vsat service to ship . it could be container ship . it could be tanker or other kind of commercial vehicle -- vessel . and so it be an opportunity to really deliver broadband that have not be traditionally available on a global basis . and it be see steady growth in that sector as well , and it have the strong service provider work with it .  it for that clarity . that ’ all it question . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . the next question be from Arun Seshadri of Credit Suisse . it line be open . hi .  for squeeze it in . just a couple of question for it . first , on the c - band , do it think it be more likely that SES and other satellite provider that be key here ? Will it join the consortium now ? or do it think it be more likely that the FCC say -- sort of blesse the idea and then it satellite can progress , join afterwards ? Stephen Spengler it really can not speak for SES . obviously , it must be make it own evaluation of what it strategy be and how it would approach this . so it think , as it say earlier , it be still in early day in the formation of this and so the timing of different aspect of it , it would rather not predict because it be kind of unknown . but it will be an evolve process , certainly . anything relate to this , typically , be an evolve process , and it will see how it play out in the month ahead . okay , fair enough . and then as far as on the -- for 2018 on some of the question that be present earlier . how should it think about the base of business in medium and in government that come up for renewal next year ? and if it could just remind it , especially in the government side . and then , what type of price decrement that it be likely to see ? be it likely to be somewhat similar to what it have see in network service or less ? Stephen Spengler yes . it be still work through it 2018 business plan and budget . so , it probably can not get too specific on this because it be still try to understand this . but it do know that there be go to be a number of service that come up for what be call re - compete in the government sector , it consider the renewal . and it be after five year of service , so it know that in those particular case , that those renewal , and it expect those service to be renew by the customer , it will need to be reset in price when it do that . so there will be competitive situation . the government operate for these kind of service under an LPTA , low price technically acceptable basis . and so there will be some competition there . and it be , obviously , well - position as a lead supplier in that sector and intend to do everything possible to retain all that business as it can . in medium , it be really talk about volume . it do not see significant price pressure in medium . overall , it medium neighborhood hold up in pricing pretty well . it do not mean that there be not competitive deal in different place from time to time , but it be more a volume - base business as oppose to price at the moment . great . last question for it , potentially , for Jacques here . just want to think about beyond the bank debt , when it look at the capital structure , Jacques , and it think about bond versus bank debt , how dependent on , it guess , the Luxembourg maturity be the refinancing of the VSATs in 2020 and 2021 ? Jacques Kerrest  it , Arun . it be a good question . but let it just take this to go down a little bit to capital structure . it talk earlier about the bank debt , and as it say , it be benefit from a low spread , obviously , and it be carefully watch the market and it will act when it think that the market be appropriate . it also talk briefly about the 2019 , and the question when it refinance the 2019 be why do not it touch the 2020 and it be little bit tied to it question . the answer be because the 2020 be mature in October 2020 , which mean there be 18 month after the 2019 . and it have obviously time to look at this , and it do not want to move everything at the same time . it do not make any sense for it because , as it say before , it be a balance between the maturity schedule and , obviously , what it want to do in term of the incremental expense . now there be also question that come about the 2024 which be trade at roughly , it do not look this morning , but yesterday it be trade roughly at the yield of 5 % . the call on that one be February 2019 , so it think it have time to consider this one . and that bring it to the 2021 , which be , as it know , a few year from now . it think it have time to consider this . it have to go one at a time because , as it know , sometimes some covenant be put into some of these debt and it need to make sure that it manage the whole maturity schedule as oppose to just one . but it will consider this when it be appropriate . and if the market continue to be good and fair , it will , obviously , act appropriately . okay .  it for the thought .  it . the next question be from Matt Dratch [ ph ] of Millennium . it line be open . Unidentified Analyst hi , guy . all mine have be answer .  a lot .  it . the next question be from Laurie Davison of Deutsche Bank London . it line be open . hi . just two quick question . on the immediate termination , do it say that be from the customer go OTT or be it for a different reason , the partial cut ? second question be just it just mention some upcoming pressure on the ' 18 and ' 19 , major renewal . Can it add some detail here ? Stephen Spengler sure . the termination have nothing to do with OTT . the termination be for terrestrial manage service , and customer make the decision to go on a different direction on how it want to implement that part of it network . it be that simple . and again , to reiterate , it be a partial termination , and it still retain all of the distribution responsibility for that customer across a particular region . yes , medium renewal in 2018 and 2019 . it have talk in the past , and it have see in the past , where it have have -- what it be just generally call compression of distribution in it north american cable distribution neighborhood where customer be utilize new technology , perhaps move from MPEG-2 to MPEG-4 , perhaps distribute in one particular format as oppose to multiple . this be something that it experience back in 2015 . it see a couple of renewal come up in 2018 and 2019 where these customer -- where other customer may do the same . but the point that it make earlier be that it do not expect that this cycle of renewal will result in the same type of impact that it see in 2015 . okay . that ’ great .  .  it . the next question be from Giles Thorne of Jefferies . it line be open .  . it have three question , please , all on c - band . the first one be the history of reassign satellite spectrum for terrestrial use [ indiscernible ] in 10 year into that plan and one bankruptcy datum and still wait . and here in Europe , it have get ViaSat try [ indiscernible ] Inmarsat 's work around use the x - band on the ground . so could it summarize exactly why it think , in a few sentence , it will be able to align all of the various stakeholder to deliver a new market - base provision ? and secondly , of the various rebuke that have be throw at it plan , there be a fundamental contention that it do not actually own this spectrum , and therefore , it do not have the right to monetize it in any other application other than what it be purpose for . it will be interested to hear it response to that challenge . and then , finally , in proactively put this plan forward , be there any implicit statement here about the future of cable head - end distribution entering sector [ ph ] decline in the U.S. ? Stephen Spengler so gile ,  for it question . let it start with the last one , first , and come back to that . there be no implicit statement be make about the future of cable distribution in the U.S. it still see this as be a very important part of it customer 's distribution of it content across the U.S. there be roughly 5,000 head - end still be serve . customer -- it be engage with customer in renew it service into the next decade . it just note a long - term renewal for Trinity Broadcasting in this quarter 's result . and so , it expect that this will be a distribution neighborhood for it for the foreseeable future . so it objective in this be to make sure that , as it be serve these customer and for as long as it be serve these customer , that it be able to do so in a way that be interference - free , that allow it to continue to distribute it service , that allow it to continue to grow channel or expand into 5 -- 4 k , if it choose to and be able to continue to enjoy what it be do right now , and obviously , for it to retain it revenue . back to it first point , which be align stakeholder , so it think , be what it be ask . look , it think what it put together be a creative approach to a vex problem and a vex challenge for the FCC . it think -- it be think very pragmatically that it be important that a creative solution be put forward now that address these need . it think it be different than other situation that it refer to in the sense that it be provide service actively right now in these band . and so while there may be precedent for these kind of dual - use arrangement , what it be provide here be a joint use across multiple operator . it think the other unique aspect be that 90 % of the service today be from two operator , and so that do not mean that there be other that be in the north american market , but it think that , potentially , it could be easy to implement give that reality . to it second point about the spectrum , it have be allocate the spectrum and have have right to the spectrum for many decade now . it have be provide service to medium company and other customer over that period of time . it be not sell the spectrum . it be make arrangement for joint use of the spectrum . and so , ultimately , if it be able to do this , it be go to be determine by the FCC . if it find that this be a market - base way , a creative way to make these service happen quicker , then maybe it will be accept and maybe it would value it . it be important to note that it have make billion of dollar of investment in this orbital ark and provide service to company that be distribute content across million of american household . for it to make this happen , it be not trivial . it think it be a complex effort to make this arrangement to free up this spectrum so it can have this joint use . it will cost it money . it may have to relocate it station . it certainly will have to put equipment into it station . it may have to design new satellite that can be more adept at this kind of joint - use arrangement . so it will have to make some sizable investment to make this happen . and as a result , it feel that it be right that it should have some sort of compensation as a result of that . Stephen , if it could just pick up on that last point . if it look at precedent around the coop agreement within [ indiscernible ] . there be be two phase to it . there be a re - banding phase in which [ indiscernible ] get compensation . and then there be the lease , the phase 2 lease . it can clearly understand the logic that it would have to be compensate for any investment it have make to clear the spectrum . but will it -- do it envisage it revenue opportunity extend to a lease of the capacity that it have -- sorry , a lease of the spectrum that it have vacate ? Stephen Spengler gile , it think it be too early to talk about specific model . it mean , this be only -- it be only a few week into this , and it be just in the NOI phase of the process . it think it will -- as time go on , if this gain some receptivity within the FCC , it will have plenty of time to engage with other in it sector and also the wireless industry to talk about how this can be do and how the financial arrangement can be do . and again , ultimately , it be go to be decide by the FCC through a rule - make process to determine the methodology and how it would happen .  it very much . Stephen Spengler okay . it be welcome .  it . and it have time for one more question . the last question will come from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo . it line be open .  . Steve , it just want to follow up on that last point . it be obviously up to the FCC , but could it help it understand what it view as it legal defense to it spectrum , give the different sort of proposal that have be put forth ? it think , earlier in this call , it say specifically it be not comfortable with the co - frequency solution , which it assume , and correct it if it be wrong , mean provide co - primary to either mobile or wireless or maybe a secondary designation . and it be just wonder , specifically on that , but maybe more in general , how do it view it legal right vis - à - vis the FCC 's ability to do a co - frequency solution or some of these other solution without compensate it ? Stephen Spengler so , let it just clarify what it mean by co - frequency . a co - frequency solution , which be what have be suggest up to this point for sharing , it believe be not feasible . what that mean be that it would basically , over the same spectrum , in the same geographic area , both wireless and satellite would use it together . that be very complicated . it think that it be froth with all kind of issue . it think that , that would create interference issue for it customer and be extremely difficult to implement . what it be say be an approach that be different . it be say that it can have joint use of the broad 500 megahertz that it , at it expense , would work with it customer to clear a portion of that 500 megahertz , a block that can be clear completely in certain geographic area after discussion with wireless operator and what it may need , and make that capacity available to it where it can enjoy interference - free transmission and it customer can retain interference - free transmission in another portion of that wide 500 megahertz band . so it be a very different arrangement . regard the legal point it make . it believe it have legal argument to defend it position if the FCC go with co - frequency , but it think it do not want to enumerate on those right at the moment . but it be something that it would be vigorously engage in if that be the decision that it make for the defense of it customer ' business -- customer ' service and it business as well .  it very much . Stephen Spengler it be welcome .  it . it would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Spengler for closing remark . Stephen Spengler  , everybody , for join it call today . as it move forward in the fourth quarter , it be focus on close new business , accelerate the commercialization and adoption of Intelsat Epic and scale it manage service offering and enhance the value that it deliver to all of it stakeholder . so  again for it question today , and  for join it call . 