it be pleased to take it through it first quarter result . it will start with the headline financial . before it begin , let it clarify that all reference to revenue in it prepared remark , will be state on a pro forma basis net of it disposition of cracked and certain other non - strategic property during the course of 2016 . a reconciliation of it pro forma revenue to GAAP revenue for relevant period be available in it earning release . additional information on it key operating metric be include in it earning release . now on to it q1 result . first , total revenue in Q1 be $ 27.2 million up 9 % year - over - year on a pro forma basis . it marketplace business grow 18 % year - over - year while the Media decline 1 % year - over - year on pro forma and increase 1 % quarter - over - quarter on a pro forma basis . second , adjusted EBITDA be negative $ 4.4 million in Q1 versus negative $ 5.1 million in the prior year period . third , free cash flow be negative $ 8.7 million for the quarter . start with revenue let it dive a little deep into it financial . drill down on it Marketplace business first total revenue be $ 15.9 million in Q1 up 18 % year - over - year a solid growth rate when compare to other company in this sector . this revenue growth be drive by 17 % year - over - year in Society6 and strong 29 % growth for Saatchi Art . as Sean discuss it be make good stride on key initiative in it Society6 business . additionally it focus on expand it product assortment , invest in marketing and customer acquisition , improve the buyer and seller experience and the update of it shipping term to move revenue recognition closer to the point shipment in line with industry standard all contribute to the 17 % growth it see in Q1 . for Q1 average order value be up 2 % year - over - year which reflect the introduction of new product in Q1 with high price point offset by some continue promotional pricing during the quarter which observe and discuss on last call . gross margin for Society6 be 30 % in Q1 up 400 basis point from the prior quarter this be consistent with it previous discussion that the heavy promotional nature of the Q4 holiday season impact average order value and gross margin in Q4 and have now rebound and somewhat during Q1 . it have a heightened focus on it promotion and pricing strategy and effort in this area contribute to margin improvement in the quarter . Saatchi Art have also have another strong quarter with revenue and gross transaction value up 29 % and 23 % respectively year - over - year in Q1 . sustained year - over - year growth and conversion rate which help by several key initiative implement in the first quarter include improvement to the platform which improve page load time and allow for fast deployment of new feature on the site . Saatchi Art commission rate be increase by 500 basis point in April as it launch a suite of artist tool in Q1 include an artwork management tool and artist portal . Saatchi Art also optimize the checkout experience in late Q1 and of these initiative should have positive impact throughout 2017 . it continue to improve conversion rate drive by strong growth in it art advisory business and lead to year - over - year increase in gross transaction value . turn now to it Media business revenue be $ 11.4 million down 1 % year - over - year on a pro forma basis and up 1 % over Q4 . exclude it international site and the former custom content business which it have wind down total revenue for the core medium business be $ 10.7 million up 7 % year - over - year and 7 % over Q4 on a pro forma basis . average monthly visit to it medium property as a whole in Q1 be $ 232 million down 12 % versus prior year and up 7 % versus prior quarter . approximately 57 % of these visit come from mobile with significant reach in content engagement occur off it own property . in Q3 2016 it introduce video view and social follower as two key operating metric to evaluate audience and engagement . in Q1 total video view for all of it medium property be over $ 200 million up 31 % versus prior year . at the end of Q1 , it medium property have over 13 million total follower across Facebook and Pinterest , Instagram , YouTube and Twitter . this strong have a particularly strong quarter with year - on - year revenue growth for it ’ the third straight quarter . LIVESTRONG grow revenue 45 % year - over - year and be up 17 % versus Q4 . year - over - year LIVESTRONG visit be up 15 % in Q1 with mobile grow 29 % and desktop decline 9 % . revenue per visit for it medium property be $ 16.34 for Q1 down 5 % versus prior year and down 7 % from Q4 . in Q1 it continue migrate content from eHow.com to vertical property . with each of these content move it see an initial dip in traffic and in it RPV . it expect RPV for the new vertical site to increase in future quarter as it optimize the yield on those page and as the size of the audience on the vertical property become more meaningful to direct brand advertiser . in addition medium experience normal seasonal decline in CPMs in Q1 versus Q4 . it brand sale pipeline be strengthen and it continue to attract large Fortune 500 brand as advertiser on it medium property . it repeat and recur nature of these ad buy be testament to the quality of it intent drive audience and the return on the spend . revenue from it international medium site as well as the studioD content business which it exit in Q2 2016 make up the balance of it Media revenue which be 0.7 million down 53 % versus prior year and down 46 % quarter - over - quarter . now turn to Q1 adjust EBITDA Q1 improve 12 % year - on - year drive by revenue growth and cost saving initiative offset by headcount addition and it Marketplace business and high level of marketing investment to expand brand awareness and pay customer acquisition at both Society6 and Saatchi Art . overall it q1 non - gaap operating expense calculate as GAAP operating expense less stock - base compensation depreciation and amortization and exclude product cost which vary with revenue be $ 21.4 million down $ 2 million from the prior year . as a reminder approximately 75 % of it cost base directly support business operation and roughly two - third of that be variable with revenue primarily product cost relate to it Society6 business . the remain 25 % of it cost base be relatively fix , corporate overhead cost require to run this public portfolio company which it expect will decline as a percentage of revenue as topline revenue growth . it remain diligent in it effort to optimize it corporate overhead cost and expand margin where possible and without comprise business unit growth . it free cash flow be negative $ 8.7 million in Q1 versus negative $ 8 million in the prior year . free cash flow for Q1 2017 reflect it EBITDA loss and it Q1 seasonal use of cash include roughly $ 4.3 million in Society6 vendor payment relate to Q4 of 2016 sale . annual discretionary compensation payment tax withholding for employee stock vest and normal capital expenditure . at the end of the first quarter it have $ 41.5 million of cash available while maintain at zero debt balance . before it conclude let it add a few guide post for continue to think about it 2017 financial . with continued growth in it Marketplace business , strong progress in LIVESTRONG and renew positive trajectory in it core medium property it remain confident in revenue growth for the balance of 2017 . on the operate expense side it will maintain it investment in marketing for it Marketplace business to build brand awareness and attract new and repeat customer . in addition it be invest in product and engineering talent to improve engagement and conversion most importantly grow revenue . direct business unit cost may increase and impact ebitda on the short term but it believe will fuel future growth . it expect to continue to optimize infrastructure and corporate overhead expense and no should decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term help to narrow it EBITDA loss year - over - year . finally it want to touch on it recent acquisition . on May 1 , it close the acquisition of Deny Designs and it 30 % team for a total consideration of $ 12 million . the purchase price consist of approximately $ 6.7 million in cash , lease group common stock of approximately $ 1.7 million and a third consideration of $ 3.6 payable annually in three equal installment on the anniversary date of the closing . the purchase price be an appropriate multiple of revenue at the low end of a standard range for similar company . the majority of the Deny Designs revenue be generate through the wholesale channel with a small online direct - to - consumer business . well , like Society6 , it have the inverse . this create potential synergy for both business . a significant opportunity to expand Deny Design consumer online business and an important opportunity to propel Society6 into new wholesale channel . additionally , Deny Design manufacture in - house for certain key product such as furniture include credenza and table provide opportunity for strong margin and potential leverage for Society6 . base on this young company ’s growth cycle and it plan add investment , it would expect the deal to be roughly breakeven to ebitda in 2017 include one - time transaction cost . as a company , it be very ROI focus . it maintain it commitment to achieve operating profit in future quarter while balance the near - term research and investment need of it business with a continued focus on topline growth . it have be a very great honor to service the chief financial officer of this company for the past two year . it have have the pleasure of work with and learn from some of the bright and most courageous technology and medium executive in the industry . it want to especially  it finance , accounting , and investor relation team for it expertise and it superb and unceasing support . it have be very bless to have it on the team . this company be full of talent and innovation and it know that Leaf Group will continue to flourish in the month and year ahead . it will be share for it from the sideline . that conclude the financial summary , and it will now turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for it question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question be from Jason Kreyer from Craig - Hallum . good afternoon . first , before it ask question , just want to say  it to Rachel and good of luck go forward . it be be a pleasure work with it .  so much Jason . so maybe it can break down a little bit more thought on the promotional activity in Society6 in Q1 . and maybe it can give quantitative detail on how much that impact revenue or order value . and then second , if it can maybe just talk a little bit about price trend in Society6 . it look like it have make some change to some price , and maybe a little bit more promotional activity in regard to price change . and how it should think about that go forward ?  , Jason . it be Sean . it will start and let Jeff and Rachel pick up with the specific . the promotional activity it see in Q4 and talk about last quarter definitely continue . it ’ a pretty noisy environment out there and continue pretty strongly in January , something that it do not expect to abate any time soon . that say , it have a really , really strong quarter when it come down to acquire new customer and the performance of it repeat customer be very good as well . on the pricing side , it have begin , and really for the first time in the company 's history , become much more sophisticated with it pricing which should bear real fruit , and what it expect to be a fairly noisy online promotional environment . as long as it continue to attract and retain high quality customer and it become strong and more sophisticated when it come to price in the midst to promotion , it be very confident in it ability to continue to grow this business very nicely . couple of thing to add . it be work on promotional and price optimization in the quarter . the quarter start off a little slow , but it come back towards the end of the quarter but , as Sean allude to , there ’ still work to be do there . it have launch three new product in the quarter which should help AOV go forward , four pillow , pillow sham and skip the last one . but basically , the site continue to see some improvement in term of functionality which should help customer find exactly what it be look for . it have do a lot of work on the search functionality in the quarter and that ’ help . and then touch upon customer growth . it customer growth for the quarter grow 18 % versus 14 % last year . so it think a big help there . and then finally , AOV be up 2 % quarter - over - quarter . okay ,  for all the detail . switch to medium , LIVESTRONG have perform really well over the last several quarter . it be see revenue grow at a fast rate than visitor , mean it be monetize visitor better . it just want see if it can provide more on what it be do to increase yield there , and if it plan on really apply those same move to some of the eHow vertical strategy to get price up on those site , or yield up on the site as well .  it . great question . that LIVESTRONG audience have grow very , very nicely over the course of the past couple year , and continue to grow . it be now see the revenue follow . it always talk about how revenue lag audience growth with these medium property , and it demonstrate strengthen two area with even more room to exploit that strength as it go . have really strong partner it have a really good yield team . so when it execute from a programmatic perspective , it be very , very good at it . it pioneer from the major medium site to the category , just have get well as it have go . as the site get big and more advertiser want to participate , there ’ more competition for the inventory it have . it have also see nice benefit also from Google exchange bidding . it have build out a robust network of partner . and as it know , the one frontier for it to meaningfully crack , what it have make some inroad but it be still early , be on premium branding . and it think it be build brand , not just LIVESTRONG , but the new brand it have launch over the course of the past year which be go to allow it to drive substantial branded revenue improvement as it go . so this be the beginning of what shape up to be a very , very good business and story for it . let it just add one note , LIVESTRONG have have three sequential quarter of growth . Q1 be a seasonally strong quarter for LIVESTRONG because that ’ the New Year resolution time period for LIVESTRONG . so it really like the growth that it get but that ’ it . it be see a seasonal high . that be actually a good segue into it last question . so be there anything unique in medium that would not recur , that would prohibit it from grow off of these level ? and it sound like maybe some seasonality in LIVESTRONG . but it do not know if it can comment if it expect to grow through that , or if there be any other thing it need to consider . if the question be one - time event , it do not think so , although Rachel , correct it if it be wrong . the seasonality for each of these site be a bit different . as Rachel point out , it have a really strong Q1 season for LIVESTRONG just by virtue of the nature of it content as it start the New Year . one of the brand that it be very excited about be Hunker which be still really early in it rollout phase . but the home category be a very large one , and Hunker be an absolutely beautiful property , and it think the brand have enormous potential . so when it look out over time , it think there be significant opportunity to drive both audience and monetization . let it piggyback on that real quick . so Hunker , it move content over from eHow to soft launch of Hunker in February , and then it do the more - rest of the content go over in April . and as it have say , it think for the last three or four quarter , when it do these move , it see an initial dip in traffic in revenue and then it grow from there . so there ’ still - it be a pretty large content move . so it ’ still on the future what that will actually do in term of revenue and traffic uptime . and the other point , and that ’ a little bit of an unknown to all of it , the other point be that it call out two piece of business that be decline and that ’ it old international site and the former custom content business . and those thing have have close to 50 % decline , drive about 700,000 of revenue , but those thing be decline . and so it should model that in go forward for the rest of the year . okay , perfect .  it very much . it next question be from Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies . Brian Fitzgerald  , guy . Rachel congrat also and good of luck go forward .  it so much . Brian Fitzgerald think about Deny 's , it mention some of the highlight in the proprietary product develop capability , maybe it be go to drill down a little about the curation tool . anything to highlight there ? and then , second point , overlap between customer basis or customer profile , it sound very different , and so it like that . and then on the backend sort of unify infrastructure around two name , how quickly can it do that , and how would it assess it aptitude be able to drive traffic and visibility , that be the hallmark of Leaf Group and so , maybe if it can comment there also . yes , so a few thing . from a standpoint of product ideation and execution , the Deny Design team be fabulously strong . it pioneer new product type in the market while various type of wall art take on new custom design furniture and that capacity it be super exciting for it because it have two brand channel to deliver it through and it give it even great confidence that it can stay ahead of trend in deliver new exciting product to an audience that care about that passionately . from a standpoint of acquire audience again as it point out Brian , it be really , really good at acquisition and retention online . it know it feel both it medium and it commerce brand utilize that skill set very , very nicely and very little of that work to date have be do on Deny , all of Deny 's strength have come from the quality of it product not boost by the deep strength and acquisition and retention and it think that be nothing but upside for it . and then from a commonality platform perspective , it think there be an awful lot there . it know when it run scale commerce business , ship fulfillment , payment processing , catalog management , seller tool all of those area be opportunity to drive substantial scale and good practice and realistically the first thing it want to do an acquisition like this be – that be do so well already be not screw it up but it would say when it first 90 day will develop – it have already indentifie area of opportunity but it will start to stack rank those opportunity and will start unlock the value from a synergy perspective in the next couple of quarter . this be a really , really nice highly complementary business . it mention that the audience be different , it would say there - this audience skew a bit old and more affluent which be a very nice thing to have that type of natural audience extension but it be people who be absolutely passionate about design particularly hard to find design and particularly thing that be lead trend around the home . it know it really can not say too much about how excited it really be to have these business in Leaf Group Company . Brian Fitzgerald got it .  guy . it next question come from Blake Harper from Loop Capital . hi  , just want to say good luck to it Rachel as well and be nice work with it .  it so much , Blake . so it have two question , one about it talk in it prepared remark , Rachel it think about the brand , the pipeline of it ad sale there , could it just maybe update be where it as far as not a sale from there versus programmatic . and if it do get a lot of the pipeline that come through the way it want and the audience growth what do it think that could be by the end of the year ? that be a tough one , it have not be give - disclose sell through rate by channel and it definitely have not be give guidance . it do see strong pipeline so more inbound , more - as a strong pipeline , high win rate on the branded side . it think it be still lot where the company hope it will be on a permanent run rate basis but it still pretty young . so Sean it may have something to add ? it think the one way to think about it in the world where it actually - today it have not give it too much workload but why it see a big opportunity be most of it sell be in the quarter to middle - at the modernization stack and if it think about where premium brand sit , it know it yield for premium brand be nearly double what it be in the middle of the monetization stack and it do , it know only a minority of it advertising revenue in that premium brand area . and so when it just think about the leverage when it start to move some of those impression into premium , there be effectively a doubling of monetization and the challenge again be for it to build off what be right now a very small base . but with grow property and brand with grow strength , whether it be LIVESTRONG the site it have launch over the course of the past six month that be now crack to top three , four , and five other category . it should be able to drive substantially improve yield on the branded side but it will keep it post as it go . okay . that be really helpful . and then just one follow - up if it could , it have talk in the remark about some investment area and some cost the main type on EBITDA in the near term . just want to see if it may be give a little bit more color there of the extent and both the amount may be and the duration of the some of the cost that it will have and the impact on EBITDA over the rest of the year as well ? it think what it say it be go to maintain it marketing investment that ’ one of the sort of large increase that it look at GAAP P&L it will see almost every cost line decrease year - over - year with the expectation of sale and marketing and it be plan to maintain it at work it would call it an experimentation it ramp some offline test in the first quarter with somewhat positive to evaluate the result and what it think about that go forward it think it may resume those offline marketing effort in a period time when it know it have a lot more demand do it back - to - school and holiday season . so and it have continue it normal level of spend on traffic acquisition , emarkete and so on and so forth . the other area would be invest in product and engineering talent in it marketplace business and of course with the acquisition of Deny Designs that bring some incremental revenue it say it would be breakeven this year so it will see some of the cost blindfold increase with the addition of that company as it integrate it . it next question be from Darren Aftahi from ROTH Capital Partners . Unidentified Analyst hi guy ,  for take it call , this be [ Dillon ] in for Darren . it mobile business the visit be down year - on - year but up quarterly sort of what be the strategy go forward to increase mobile conversion ? so if it be talk about the marketplace business the trust of the question it think it fade out at the beginning of it ? Unidentified Analyst yes the marketplace , it be sorry . so when it move from a desktop screen to mobile for all commerce player it see a drop - off in conversion it have talk about it on previous call and there be a number of initiative that be constantly underway really for all commerce player on the mobile side to improve the experience whether it be shorten the number of step and check out , store billing , redesign it screen real estate so it become much easy to drive a purchase decision . the way it would market and merchandise on device , it have consistently be able to improve mobile conversion rate from it base over time , but there be always that separation between desktop and mobile . but it think it be make good headway in that area and it will continue to for a couple of reason form factor be get more favorable with mobile device , with a large screen form , response design improvement , one click or one touch payment option all of those thing reduce transaction friction . and lastly both it UI / UX in the checkout funnel be improve and will continue to improve over the course of the year . but Discovery be substantially improve on Society6 and Saatchi Art which matter an awful lot in a limited screen real estate world . Unidentified Analyst  it . and one more if it may Instagram have a lot of visibility help out different small business seller , how do it see this have an impact on Society6 and Saatchi Art ? Instagram be an absolutely - it be a phenomenal engage service and it be only become increasingly more relevant . it be really valuable potentially for what it do . if it look at it brand Society6 or Saatchi Art , the other art fair , frankly all of medium brand as well . when it post on Instagram , it get tremendous instantaneous response . and so it be develop lot of follower and it see a lot of like with all of it folk which make sense because it be enrich inspirational primarily visual medium . what it be excited about on a go forward basis be as that platform evolve , it should be one step closer to commerce and make it easy for someone who be just like or love one of it post to become a buyer . it still think there be some work to do from a technology and integration perspective but if it look at the way Facebook evolve it platform to become increasingly more efficient and valuable for the brand on it , it think it certainly over the course of the next year Instagram be not only a strong growth channel for the brand awareness , but could become a very strong channel partner in drive it business . 