it be pleased to report on it result for a very active and productive fiscal ' 19 in which it reload it film and television content pipeline , reenergize every part of it film business and restructure it television group around it most prolific , top - tier production partnership . it be a year in which it diligently refocus on extract maximum value from all of it franchise . the result have be evident in everything from last weekend 's huge global opening of John Wick 3 to the upcoming launch of it Lionsgate Entertainment World Theme Park in China this summer and the adaptation of beloved property like the Nashville and Wonder to Broadway . it will drill down on all of these initiative in a few minute . but first , it would like to talk to it about it big and new initiative , bring Starz around the world . last year it tell it about the opportunity to launch STARZPLAY , it Starz international streaming service , in 15 country within three year . today , it be pleased to announce that STARZPLAY include STARZPLAY Arabia be live with active subscriber in 42 country . and by July 1 , it will be in 51 country make it one of the three lead pure - play subscription video on - demand service in the world . recognize the uniqueness and scope of the incredible opportunity available to it , it lean into it with all the resource of it company and with an investment at the high end of the range it have previously discuss . here be why . first , the market opportunity it . with only 5 % penetration of subscription video on - demand service worldwide , it believe that the international market be a $ 45 billion opportunity for it that will result in between 15 million and 25 million new STARZPLAY international subscriber by 2025 . second , great global partner . the pace of it expansion have be accelerate by successful international launch on Apple and Amazon Prime . it premium content offering , platform capability and speed to market make it a launch partner of choice to the other stream giant as well . third , great local partner . it have already launch with top local distributor like Dell Media in Canada ; Liberty Global 's Virgin Media in the UK ; and Orange and Vodafone in Spain , and have become a strong performer on each of those platform . and finally , content ; lot of content . from Hunger Games to Power , John Wick to Spanish Princess , La La Land to Vida , the combination of star original programming , it 17,000-title library , Lions Gate premium tv series and film and the ability to augment or offer with locally produce film and tv programming in the UK and elsewhere add up to a compelling value proposition for partner and subscriber alike . it be off to a great start scale rapidly across multiple territory to give it an early mover advantage ahead of many other premium player . and to preserve that early mover advantage , it will continue to lean into the STARZPLAY international expansion with additional investment . Jimmy will talk to it in a few minute about the size of that investment and how it will report it to give it great visibility into how much it be plan to invest and how much value it be create . it view this as an investment in it future . the STARZPLAY international expansion be an exciting next step in create an asset with lasting and incremental long term value . now let it show it why it be so excited about the year ahead in each of it business . for the past year , it have be restructure the organization and streamline the operation of it film group under it new leadership team , ramp up production and close major talent deal with Point Grey Pictures , the irwin brother and filmmaker Jonathan Levine , collaboration that touch every part of it company . these initiative be produce result . it close fiscal ' 19 with Madea , Cold Pursuit and five Feet Apart film that be all profitable and outperformed expectation . last weekend John Wick 3 open as the number one movie in the world nearly double the box office of the last installment . it outsize perform not only cement John Wick ’s stature as one of the world 's premiere action franchise . it reaffirm it ability to create content that drive value across all of it business from video game and location base entertainment to the tv spin - off series of Continental at Stars and the theatrical release of John Wick 4 on May 21 , 2021 . it be poise to keep this momentum go with a strong and balanced slate feature a diverse mix of genre and budget but deep in area that prove strength . this late feature the final Rambo film the late installment of the popular action thriller series Angel have fall and CBS 's Scary Stories to tell in the Dark . film with build - in fan basis all slate for release in late summer and early fall on date on which it have capitalize in the past . then it build into the holiday season with Roland Emmerich Midway , an epic action film with a huge ensemble cast . Star Wars Director Ryan Johnson who do it knive out which generate raise from it exhibition partner at CinemaCon and Jay Roach ’s Bombshell star Nicole Kidman Charlie Starrin , Margot Robbie and John Lithgow which be already create buzz ahead of it release in December . at Easter , it be release the Erwin Brothers . it still believe , star music superstar , Shania Twain . the follow - up to it faith - base hit , it Can only imagine . and look beyond fiscal 2020 , it be bring back some of Lions Gate ’s big and most iconic property include the Hitman 's Bodyguard star Ryan Reynolds , Salma Hayek and Morgan Freeman and a great new twist for Jigsaw , star Chris Rock on October 23 , 2020 . turn to it Television Group , it have spend the past year refill it pipeline and enter fiscal 2020 with one of the strong development slate in recent year . of the 54 project set up at network 53 come from production pod like 3 art , Courtney Kemp , Tannenbaum Company , BBC Studios and Universal Music Group that form the backbone of it television business . it strategy be work and it slate be fill with high profile series that have all the earmark of success like Zoey 's Extraordinary Playlist which be the centerpiece of NBC ’s recent upfront . Mythic Quest Raven ’s Banquet set in the world of video game development be one of it first collaboration with 3 art . it be currently in production as part of the Apple programming slate unveil in March . it also have two new series fast track at HBO , Courtney Kemp 's Dirty 30 and Silicon Valley creator Mike Judge ’s Qualityland . and today it be pleased to announce a new addition to it lineup . Love Life , a romantic comedy anthology that will be one of the first series for the Warner Media streaming platform from a Simple Favor director Paul Feig and star Anna Kendrick . the diversity of it network partner show it ability to create bespoke business model for different platform . with the universe of nearly 30 script series at Lions Gate Television , another 30 show from Pilgrim and it in - house unscripted team , mix game , talk and variety show from Debmar - Mercury , five series from Lionsgate UK and three production already underway with Arts . E. Starz . it Television business be position for success in fiscal 2020 and beyond . turn back to Starz , it have a strong year in fiscal 2019 and it believe that the good be yet to come . let it start with the number . it grow overall domestic subscriber by 1.2 million during the year for a total of 24.7 million , include 4 million pay domestic over - the - top subscriber , a number that reflect in part it recent successful launch on Apple , Google , Roku and Hulu . in addition , it now have 3 million international subscriber , include more than a million at STARZPLAY Arabia . it domestic growth in the face of a challenging MVPD environment reflect the unique positioning of it offering and the strength of it programming lineup . american Gods return with it loyal and passionate fan base in March and it be be renew for a third season . the Spanish Princess be continue in the footstep of the White Queen and the White Princess , deliver a premium female audience that continue to grow week over week . look ahead , the full second season of the critically - acclaim , award - win series , Vida , drop today worldwide . the series also recently launch on it premium spanish language streaming service , Pantaya , as it continue to expand it content across it latin mix vertical . and Starz continue to build a slate design to drive subscriber acquisition and retention year round . next month it will debut the supernatural spy thriller , the Rook , from Lionsgate and it partner at Liberty Global , the first of over a dozenlion Gate property in development at Starz follow by Sweetbitter in July . August will bring the return of power with a super - size 15 episode sixth season together with it incredible creator and show runner Courtney Camp and with several spin off in the work it have a lot more story to tell as it explore and expand the power universe for year to come . it be continue to invest in a programming slate that be drive the growth of Starz over the top business domestically and it expansion around the world . it be also widen the creative aperture to ensure that it supply the Starz platform with programming that be right for it global footprint . in the past two month alone it have green lit it fast track to production a five new star original series , many of which it will be tell it about on it next call . as Starz continue to offer it partner a unique and compelling value proposition , it look forward to tell it in the near future about a number of interesting packaging , bundling and symmetrical marketing agreement on which it have be work and for which Starz be the perfect fit . in closing , it industry be change at the speed of light and it be change with it . over the past year it have reimagine the role of it content business and undertake the exciting process of expand Starz into one of the world 's lead pure - play streaming platform . it be well position to continue to grow and create value for it shareholder in the year ahead . now , it will turn thing over to Jimmy .  , John , and good afternoon , everyone . it will briefly discuss it fiscal fourth quarter financial result and update it on it balance sheet . then it would like to take a moment to provide more color on the STARZPLAY international opportunity John mention in it remark . fiscal fourth quarter adjust OIBDA be $ 103 million while revenue was$940 million . report fully dilute earning per share be a loss of $ 0.72 a share and fully dilute adjusted earning per share come in at $ 0.11 per share . adjust free cash flow for the quarter come in at $ 151 million if cash flow from operation benefit from work capital improvement and monetization of certain asset . for the full fiscal year adjust free cash flow be $ 638 million . now let it briefly discuss the fiscal fourth quarter performance of the underlie segment compare to the prior year . median network ’s quarterly revenue increase 2 % versus the prior year to $ 362 million . segment profit decline 21 % year - over - year $ 91 million largely attribute to prepare for a more aggressive rollout of STARZPLAY . Starz end the quarter with 24.7 million total domestic subscriber which be up 1.2 million from the prior year and down 400,000 sequentially from last quarter . over the top sub be up 400,000 sequentially drive by the premiere of american Gods and now Apocalypse . motion picture revenue decline 16 % in the quarter to $ 358 million . segment profit slip 28 % to $ 21 million reflect the timing of prerelease PNA spend on Q1 title that it highlight for it on it previous earning call . television production revenue of $ 273 million be down 7 % in the quarter . tv segment profit slip 11 % to $ 20 million on the timing of episodic delivery and production schedule . now , for a quick update on the balance sheet and it plan to delever while still invest in it core business . during the fourth quarter , it reduce net corporate debt by a $ 181 million and end the quarter with leverage at 4.9 time and it will continue to prioritize deleverage go forward . turn to STARZPLAY , it be enthusiastic about the international opportunity and believe it will drive long term value for shareholder . as it all on this call know , create long term value require investment in the short term and it believe it have the opportunity to create a first class international over - the - top business over a relatively short period of time . it recognize there be currently a substantial valuation disconnect between it enthusiasm for the international business and the current investor perception . in fact , it estimate it have roughly $ 500 million of negative value weigh on it market value today . to narrow valuation disconnect , it will begin provide substantially more transparency around it international effort , help to unlock that value over time . this effort will consist of three element of disclosure . first , financial , it will provide more financial disclosure by separately break out it STARZPLAY business within medium network so it can be more carefully track it execution . second , nonfinancial , it will also provide nonfinancial KPI , include disclosure of it international sub . and lastly , expectation , it will provide some increase disclosure around it expectation for STARZPLAY . here be what it be expect . here ’ what it be expect from STARZPLAY . within five year , it target be to have $ 15 million to $ 25 million total international subscriber within the 51 country John mention earlier . it expect international loss to peak at the $ 125 million to $ 150 million dollar in fiscal 2020 . exclude these loss , it expect fiscal 2020 adjust OIBDA will be $ 250 million to $ 700 million follow within it previous guidance range of a mid- to high - single digit three - year CAGR . it expect STARZPLAY to reach profitability in fiscal 2023 . most importantly , it think the return be compelling . it plan to raise equity against STARZPLAY to help finance this international roll out and manage it overall leverage to a target of four time by the end of fiscal 2020 which include the startup loss it just mention . now with that , it will like to turn the call over to James for Q&A. great .  , Jimmy . Eric , it can open it up to Q&A at this stage . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it first question will come from the line of Matthew Thornton with SunTrust . please go ahead . hey . good afternoon , guy .  for talk the question . maybe just a start . Jimmy , it talk about potentially raise equity against STARZPLAY . be that a in open market offering that it be talk about or bring third party private equity or strategic sidecar to help expand STARZPLAY , that will be it question number one . secondly just come back to Starz U.S. the ARPU be down again kind of second quarter in a row just want to get some color about the dynamic drive that . and then finally just third , it be wonder if it can maybe just update it or give it any color on how to think about just kind of core library and what that be drive from a free cash flow standpoint per annum and any color there would be helpful .  , guy . sure . yeah , it will take the equity and the core library component of this . on the equity side absolutely this be an equity raise it guess STARZPLAY in that opportunity in particular . the timing of that and form to be determine obviously it will be dependent on valuation as well . this go to help delever it overall business at the same time it ’ go to provide very important valuation marker for everyone and help unlock that substantial value that it mention earlier . with regard to the core library it have over $ 500 million of revenue in the library across the board on any give year . and there ’ pretty substantial margin on that during around 50 % on the cash side . do not confuse that because that ’ both tv and film and it flow into the result of both Motion Picture and tv segment and be incorporate into the guidance that it mention earlier . yeah and in term of the ARPU question , ARPU be slightly off for the quarter primarily due to timing of show premiere just American Goddess later in the quarter . and if it could just have one follow - up really quickly , and , Jimmy , on the library , $ 500 million in revenue across film and tv , call it , 50 % margin and then apply a tax to that and that will kind of give it a rough guess on free cash flow . be that fair ? the cash flow margin , correct . okay . perfect . great .  .  it . and it next question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan . please go ahead . Alexia Quadrani  it . just two question , stay on Starz here . it guess the first one be can it give some more color in term of which market be more of a target on the early part of the rollout on STARZPLAY in term of which international market ? and then , second question more just on traditional on Starz here in the U.S. with it second - run film , output window sort of potentially change in a couple of year in term of it partnership maybe shift , it guess how important be it now ? it know it original content and the big driver for sub , but it would love to hear sort of some color from it on how important have that sort of theatrical library on Starz be and should it assume any sort of disruption base on potential change ahead because of that ? Superna Kalle will answer the first question , Alexia . hi , Alexia . so it initial rollout will be throughout Western Europe , include the UK and also Latin America . okay . in term of library , library as it have talk about a lot on this call be be original drive subscription to the over - the - top into it linear partner . the library provide a tremendous retention value to it subscriber base . it have get a lot of datum around aged library content and how important it be to viewership and it be to churn and extend lifetime value and it will eventually go , and Julie will talk about this in a minute . it will eventually take the Lionsgate pay one onto the platform to help continue to bolster it over - the - top . Alexia Quadrani okay . and if it could just sneak in one more , look at just it film business , it have it to huge success recently with John Wick and it obviously have some great success in the past . do it think in general it have the scale it need to be competitive give just how consolidated some of the other it peer be become ? it do . it think that it , this be Joe it have – it build the strategy that really focus on where the consumer appetite be and it think when it look at the box office outside of the top 10 movie the rest of the marketplace be about – it ’ over $ 7 billion available and it ’ the place that it play as . so whether it be , whether it be a wonder in the live action family business or John Wick or some of the horror initiative that it be in and Saw and the like . there be plenty of real estate for it to play in . it think that another advantage that it be really see play out be that talent , writer , director , actor still have a huge appetite and frankly some be make a condition of it deal that it be at a place that can get it up on screen for that . it have to release for that immediate customer feedback . so it be have more success than ever attract the kind of talent it want from this continent where talent go . it will get the content that it need . yeah . and it would add as well it get scale a couple of way . it get scale by spend a huge amount of money , it also get scale by do what it do here and what it have hear it talk about before Lions Gate 360 if it watch what happen on John Wick , it have every part of it company operate together . Adam Films fantastic promotion with T - Mobile and a separate one . it have the videogame promotion with Epic Films and two video game that be come out soon . so it add one plus one plus one at it company and generally come up with five . so again it think it just show that it will continue to show that . Alexia Quadrani  it very much .  it . and it next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley . please go ahead .  it . a couple of question . Jimmy , just to go back to the balance sheet . it do not know if it want to give it some – a free cash flow look for 2020 or at least talk about whether there be an equity raise bake into that 4 time number it give it for it expectation for the end of this year . certainly , there be an equity expectation bake into that for the 4 time . and obviously the leverage throughout the year ’ go to – and end of the year as well be go to depend obviously on the – it mean , ultimately on the timing and – of free cash flow as well as the equity raise it . but hat be factor in throughout the year . keep in mind that while it would expect that to be relatively level , in fact , decline as it – it trail 12 month be go to be the – OIBDA be go to be more back - end load in fiscal 2020 . and so the trail 12 month will be slightly decline in that context . so it will have leverage be high during the early part of the year and then reduce throughout the year as it focus on deleverage . and to be clear , the equity raise be against the international opportunity also . right . and then on that international opportunity , what do a 15 million to 25 million subscriber look like from a kind of unit economic perspective ? and it ask the question because in the quarter it just report , it think it end the year with 2 million international sub but very little revenue . so it be not – it could not really make sense of the implied ARPU . maybe just talk about what be go on in Q4 but more interestingly long term , do these 15 million to 25 million look like it U.S. Starz sub financially in it view ? so in the number , STARZPLAY Araboa be not consult in number even though it do talk about in the call because those be Starz sub in it mind . what it see in the current number in the schedule be it canadian deal which be late at the end of the quarter , and so there be a little funkiness in the ARPU . in term of international , it retail rate be € 499 euro . so it be a little -- it will be a little different than it domestic number , but it do think some – it ARPU will be somewhere around $ 3 to $ 4 long term in term of that business . okay . and then if it do not mind just one last one , it think it guess it have to ask it . it be obviously be John a lot of M&A in the press . it know that that be not new for it guy and it be sure it do not want to talk about specific but what be interesting here be the idea of split apart Starz and Lions Gate again which obviously be a lot different than the story it be tell today about the continue integration of the asset . what do it tell the shareholder about this release concept of potentially move in a different strategic direction if that create value ? how should it think about that as an option for it guy ? yeah . obviously , it do not comment on M&A , and it would say simply what it hear on the call today be that it have a plan . that plan be it be super confident about it . it be execute on the plan . it feel that the window of opportunity be now , and it can see the result already . it be in 51 market . it STARZPLAY Arabia be really successful . it be position it programming to be more global . it be get some of the good third - party content , amazing show like the Act , huge show on Hulu right now by move quickly . it be get great content . it be go to play in a number of it international market , so it have a plan . it believe in it . it think it be go to create great value . it be obviously always , it responsibility to it shareholder , it always have to listen to opportunity to create whatever way that would be shareholder value . but again , it outline today the plan and that be what it be go to execute on . and the next question come from the line of the Vasily Karasyov . please go ahead . Vasily Karasyov yes , good afternoon .  it very much . want to ask about tv production . so if it look at the past several year , sort of the margin and the EBITDA be all over the place . it can not actually with it a trend here . so it be wonder give the environment one would think be really conducive for tv production here , what be go on under the surface here ? why can not it see more year of $ 100 million plus and ebitda or will it see it and if it will , how will it get there ? so it would appreciate thought on that .  it . hey . it ’ Kevin here . let it just speak about the environment , for the last couple of year , as it all know have be a little down in the entire market because of the big merger activity . a lot of place be shore up not buy as much . all of that seem to now be unlocked . it think it see that at the upfront last week , it be splurge of buying and declaration of victory by the big conglomerate . that be great for it as an arm dealer of content across the board . it have it big development and production slate historically now . as Jon mention , 54 project sell and set up across 17 network and most the big priority of course be STARZ . it have really open a great deal of collaboration the last few month . several show green lit and more in development . and so it think it be go to have more visibility and the volume both revenue and EBITDA be go to trend upward . [ Operator Instructions ] the next question come from the line of David Joyce from Evercore . please go ahead .  it .  it . it have have some more question on Starz . if it could talk about the program seasonality in churn lately just to help it address the subscriber total both on the traditional and the over - the - top and it also want to think about how that be impact the margin ? and then if it could help to kind of separate that from the margin impact from sort of the international expansion ?  . so on the domestic front , what it be see in term of the traditional linear business of art a lot of it large operator have look at it subscriber base and reconcile it very highly discount customer and it see some impact of that in the quarter . it continue to see great growth on the OTT business as it have talk sequentially . it do have some timing rate the american Gods be premiere late in the quarter . but churn continue to be at an all - time low . it continue to use the datum capability that it have build off the domestic direct to consumer product to look at how it schedule the content , what show it put behind other show , what library it go out and buy to really minimize turn and extend lifetime value so it continue to keep churn at low level and will continue to improve as it get more and more datum from it product .  . and it release mention some content impairment charge relate to Starz programming . if it could highlight which propertie those be and be there anything from the motion picture side in those impairment ?  it . there be nothing there relative to motion picture and while it be not go to comment specifically on programming and it will see in it 10-k , there be some programming be not go to be run on Starz network . and it take this opportunity to go ahead and write that down and that ’ include in the programming charge . and the next question come from the line of Doug Creutz from Cowen . please go ahead . yeah .  . Can it just talk a little about – it look like it be go to be spend about another incremental $ 100 million in fiscal 2020 in international relative to last year . be that marketing spend ? be it spend other thing ? Could it just go to give a little bit of color where those dollar be go to be helpful ?  . yes . great question . about 85 % of that spend be go to it content marketing . in term of the content piece of that , be that – be it buy other people 's content ? be it create content specifically for local market ? what be go on there ? there ’ really a three - pronged approach there . it be obviously take from the Lions Gate library , the Lions Gate original series as well as the Starz original then it do come off licensing from other property will pull it under the service . so that ’ around 30 % in the short term . it think that grow to about 70 % by 2025 . and in term of the Starz domestic slate with some of the show it do not have , outlander for example , the life that it will have on the road . so it have be augment that by purchase third - party content , so the combination of those two piece . and then in UK where it have a local production group , it be look at put what it produce local talent show that the office there be produce under the service . so , it ’ a combination of all three of those thing . [ Operator Instructions ] and the next question come from the line of David Miller from Imperial Capital . please go ahead . yeah . hey , guy . Jon , question for it . it ’ actually a question it want to ask it 90 day ago and it just do not get the chance . it have mention 90 day ago on it fiscal q3 call that it be look to take Starz to the next level in integration . it be wonder exactly what it mean by that , what specifically in it view get integrate further over the last 90 day than otherwise may not have be integrate if Chris Albrecht have stay on , it guess that be the more blunt way of ask it . and then Joe Drake , the film that stand out to it if it look at the slate over the next year , the film that really stand out to it in term of commerciality be Midway . and Roland Emmerich film , it be sure it do not have to tell it be super expensive . so it be wonder if it could just talk about the risk profile for that film and do that fit into it kind of tier 3 risk bucket as it guy outline at it analyst day a couple of year ago , or should it consider other input ?  very much . sure , David . it be go to – it will answer first . this be Joe . in term of on the slate , Midway be a very big budget film , it be an acquisition for it . and so it acquire North America and the UK . it do not comment specifically on the number but it can tell it that it be very favorable term and that the – it be uniquely situate as a big , broad heartland action movie . so it be focus on a title that do have a lot of attention but it economic on it be very low risk and strong on the upside . and there be a couple of title it have to pay attention to , like thing that there be a movie that be come out over the Thanksgiving holiday call knife out , big broadcast . it show it to audience , have not see audience like a movie like this in a long , long time and it be the kind of thing that could turn out to be a nice brand for it . so yeah . physically , organizationally , it have actually already integrate in the last 30 day , it integrate the STARZ production unit together with the Lions Gate production unit . but it would say , the integration that it have be talk about be much deep than that and that be sort of cultural and it be work as it say , it have greenlit like five new show . it be aggressively mine power . one thing that happen a couple of year ago honestly be Courtney Kemp be one of the good show writer it have ever work with in 35 year , the creator Power be go to leave . it do not like that , it do not have any other opportunity outside of Starz and frankly , it feel it be be pigeonhole and honestly at that time , it also do not have any spin - off that be plan . and so what it end up do be it have wrap it arm around it on the studio level and right now , it be get like six show in development two with other network with frankly four at Starz include three that be spinoff of Power . and so it think that it would characterize this a little bit as there be typically for buyer a kind of a lean out kind of way , it wait for programming to come in . but a studio be a little bit of a lean and aggressively go after talent that it can sell it . so what it have do from a cultural perspective be put it together and Kevin and Jeff have go out to the community and it be work and it be actively seek the kind of talent , the kind of show that will propel it forward . and so , with that kind of a – it ’ kind of – that kind of teamwork that be work for it right now it think the agency , management , company like include 3R everybody sort to see that and it be actually start to see everything . it will not get everything . it be super aggressive about a show recently from the creator of Downton Abbey end up go at HBO but it will tell it right now it be see everything because of this combine integrate effort . and the next question come from the line of David Boris from Goldman Sachs . please go ahead .  it ’ Drew Borst . it want to ask about the Starz international sub . it mention – because it jump up pretty dramatically right at 1.9 million sub . it say it think it ’ relate to the Bell Canada deal . be there something different about the distribution of the service in Canada versus what it be do in UK and Germany give that it ’ scale so fast ? yeah . as it speak about in the last call there ’ three model that it really like for the international . there ’ these global partner that John detail significantly in the first part of it remark where it be around the back of the Amazon , and the Apple . there ’ the local partner where it be with Vodafone and Orange , Bell Canada and Mr. [ indiscernible ] go to talk about the detail in a minute and then there ’ a venture like STARZPLAY Arabia . so , it have those three model . Bell sit into that middle one and it will let Superna take it through some of the detail . so , there ’ a linear component where there ’ a linear service in Canada that it participate on the revenue share base split . and then there ’ an OTC service call Starz that on top craze and digitally another [ indiscernible ] as well . yeah and what it probably have not hear before be the fact that as it look what ’ the most accurate picture of it international business . it realize that STARZPLAY , it really be a part of that business , it ’ it brand with the large shareholder . it be integrate the tech platform elsewhere . it have a path to control it , it ’ part of it plan . and so it realize that be the way it be go to start talk about it sub . as it think Jimmy may have mention , it do not consolidate or maybe Jeff mention , it do not consolidate that , therefore it do not get the benefit of the ARPU when it be look at that . but at the end of the day , that be a critical part of it ongoing plan . this may be difficult to do , but it mention it be now in 42 country , it will be in 51 in a month or so . which model – be there any way to generalize what -- which of the two model it be use ? be it more a hybrid or linear and digital or be it more just sort of a pure digital model like it have be do in UK and Germany ? so currently it be linear in Canada on . everywhere else be digital purely . and … go forward , it will be more digital . okay . and if it could try to sneak one other one on a different – completely different topic , but it believe the Lions Gate output deal with Epix will expire at the end of this calendar year . Should it expect that that it pivot that output to Starz or do it think it will look for a third party license deal ? it think that it can expect down the road that particularly when it sort of look at the sunsetting of the Sony deal , it think it can expect that it will make all of the Lions Gate film available for STARZ . okay .  for take the question . and then next question come from the line of Rich Greenfield from BTIG . please go ahead . Rich Greenfield hi .  for take the question . it get a couple of it sort of related at Disney 's streaming Analyst Day a couple of month ago , it put up a whole bunch of catalog title on the screen . many of it be a whole bunch of it be actually in Windows that would have keep it exclusively on Starz . wonder how much it be pay , it assume it be pay if it be pay , do it hit this quarter , will it hit when disney+ launch later in the year ? and then as kind of related to that , kind of a conceptual question , wonder it all have be in the business , the direct - to - consumer business but also in the SI business include the Starz team for many year , curious like how important be catalog especially Disney catalog to drive Starz ? do Disney catalog title drive a lot of viewership ? same thing with Sony , it talk about potentially lose Sony . how important be pay 1 eight- to nine - month - old movie drive gross ad especially now that it be in the b2c business ? just any way it can kind of give it a sense of how to think about title like Power , a new release or original programming versus the catalog ’s impact on that business ?  very much . great question , Rich . first it be not go to comment on the detail of it Disney deal . it will just say that it have a very multipronged relationship with Disney . it would say the content will continue to stay on Starz but if it be go to give great value , it be go to get great value back and there will be more to come on that down the road . in term of it – the second half year question , it have be mine the datum pretty significantly across both it Sony Pay 1 , it Disney in the second window and library that it buy , couple with it large original . first and foremost , Big Originals drive acquisition like nothing else . secondarily big box office movie in pay 1 drive acquisition of more than anything else but it also come with high churn because people can come in during the seven - day or the 30-day free window and watch it and then disconnect . and so , it see a low conversion rate and a high churn rate against those service . the real value of what it be see in the library and the pay 2 be that value proposition against the 99 where people come in on large scale for the original and it see all the other valuable movie that it have in the service . it have get more movie than HBO and Showtime combine , and it think that plus it price point give it a really great value proposition and one way that it have be able to really produce churn long term . Rich Greenfield and it assume it should not expect the movie that it be license back to Disney , it will stay on Starz ? like it say , it will continue to have the Disney product on Starz for the foreseeable future . 