it will be discuss both GAAP result and non - gaap result . please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP to non - gaap result for the first quarter of 2017 include in the earning release schedule , as well as the appendix to the webcast presentation that be post to the LSC web site . to start , it want to point out that the first quarter 2017 result be in line with it expectation and with it internal budget that support the guidance it have provide for the year . it note on it previous earning call that it expect the first quarter of 2017 to be the tough comparison to 2016 and then 2016 's first quarter , non - gaap EBITDA increase $ 22 million compare to the Q1 2015 . drive in part by the strong adult coloring book sale and in earlier than normal ramp up in demand for K-12 educational book both of these factor make the year - over - year comparison more difficult this year . later , it will provide more detail on the full year guidance and factor that make it confident in reaffirm this guidance today . net sale in the first quarter be $ 821 million , a decline of 6.7 % from the first quarter of 2016 . adjust for the December 2 , 2016 acquisition of Continuum , the March 1 , 2017 acquisition of HudsonYards change in pass - through paper sale and foreign exchange rate , it organic sale decline be 7.1 % . this organic decline in net sale be drive by volume decline and price pressure across both the print and office product segment . it report a first quarter GAAP net loss of $ 1 million compare to net income of $ 31 million in the first quarter of 2016 . it be important to note that the first quarter of 2017 include interest expense of $ 17 million relate to the debt issue in connection with the separation from RR Donnelley . while no interest expense be allocate to LSC in the first quarter of 2016 . first quarter non - gaap adjust EBITDA be $ 65 million compare to $ 96 million in the first quarter of 2016 . Non - GAAP adjust EBITDA margin in the quarter of 7.9 % be 300 basis point low than the first quarter of last year . the EBITDA decline versus last year 's first quarter reflect the low volume and unfavorable business mix , price erosion and a small negative impact from cost to operate as a standalone company . these impact be partially offset by cost reduction action productivity improvement and improve pricing per paper by - product . the negative business mix impact on it non - gaap EBITDA margin be significant reflect the low volume in adult color book , educational book and office product all of which be relatively high margin product . now , it will discuss net sale , income from operation and non - gaap EBITDA performance for each of the segment . net sale in it print segment be $ 710 million in the first quarter of 2017 , a decrease of 5.6 % from last year 's fourth quarter . after adjust for the impact of the Continuum and HudsonYards acquisition , change in foreign exchange rate and pass - through paper sale year - over - year sale decrease by 6.0 % on an organic basis . in magazine and catalog and retail insert , these be all organic decline with 6.7 % drive by volume decline in price pressure . however , it continue to see growth both in Mexico and in it co - mail service offering . in book , it have an organic decrease of 2.4 % in the quarter , as continue growth in supply chain management service partially offset the tough quarter - over - quarter comparison in adult color book and the low K-12 educational volume that it mention earlier . trade book volume and college education demand both hold up well in the quarter . it Europe report unit experience 18.6 % organic decline include the impact of certain customer contract previously manage by LSC 's european operation that be assign to RRD entity as of the spin - off date , result in a $ 6 million unfavorable impact on net sale in the quarter with minimal impact on earning . in addition , the low net sale in Europe reflect the closure of it U.K. facility and the result loss of certain customer work and other volume decline . print segment GAAP income from operation be $ 12 million compare to $ 32 million in the first quarter of 2016 . print segment non - GAAP adjust EBITDA in the quarter be $ 52 million and the non - GAAP adjust EBITDA margin of 7.3 % decrease by 280 basis point from the first quarter of 2016 primarily due to unfavorable volume and mix and price pressure partially offset by an increase in the commodity price level for material by - product and by cost reduction . net sale in the office product segment be $ 111 million , a decrease of 13.3 % from the first quarter of last year . sale to major office product retailer be down year - over - year as these customer continue to focus on store consolidation and inventory reduction . in addition , about $ 5 million of the net sale decline result from the timing impact of shipping delay it experience due to a warehouse relocation in the fourth quarter of 2015 , which call these shipment to slide into the first quarter of 2016 increase net sale in that period . it continue to see growth in the eCommerce channel during the quarter that partially offset the decline in traditional channel and it continue to focus it effort on further grow it eCommerce presence . office product segment income from operation be $ 9 million compare to $ 14 million in the first quarter of 2016 . Non - GAAP adjust EBITDA in the office product segment be $ 14 million for the quarter with a non - GAAP adjust EBITDA margin of 12.6 % , a 150 basis point decrease from the first quarter of 2016 . this decrease in non - gaap EBITDA margin be largely drive by the low volume along with some price pressure , partially offset by strong productivity improvement and cost control initiative . free cash flow for the first quarter be $ 43 million compare to $ 2 million in the first quarter of last year . the $ 41 million increase in free cash flow be drive by work capital reduction in the quarter . the favorable working capital impact be partially offset by $ 17 million in interest payment in the first quarter of 2017 relate to the debt issue in connection with the separation from RR Donnelley and a $ 9 million increase in capital spending . as of March 31 , 2017 , it growth leverage be 2.2x within it target growth leverage range of 1.5x to 2.25x . it end the quarter with $ 89 million of cash on hand , $ 476 million of net available liquidity and nothing to on it $ 400 million revolving credit facility . on February 2 , 2017 , it use cash on hand to pay in advance the full $ 50 million of term loan B require amortization payment for 2017 . on April 6 , the Board of Directors declare a regular quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.25 per share payable on June 2 to shareholder of record as of May 15 . the payment of future dividend will depend on many factor include the company 's financial condition , legal requirement and other factor that the Board of Directors deem relevant . it intent be to pay a regular dividend at a sustainable level and it debt agreement allow for dividend well above the current level give it flexibility to consider dividend increase in the future . lastly , it will share some more detail on the full year 2017 guidance that it reaffirm in this morning press release . first , it continue to expect net sale between $ 3.55 billion and $ 3.65 billion for the year . the upper half of this range reflect improve educational book volume in the back half drive by the timing impact it have experience so far this year . volume recover less than it expect or if retail store close continue to accelerate then it would trend towards the low end of this range . it expect it non - gaap adjust EBITDA margin to be between 9.75 % and 10.25 % for the year . while first quarter margin be well below this range , a number of factor will drive improvement in margin for the balance of the year . first , during Q1 , it implement cost reduction action that will result in significant saving for the balance of the year . these action include one facility closure and reduction in administrative and overhead cost across the company . second , it be also see an increase in pricing for by - product primarily waste paper that be recycle in it print facility . these factor in addition to the more favorable business mix expect in Q2 and Q3 be expect to move non - gaap ebitda margin towards the middle of it guidance range on a full year basis . capital expenditure be expect to be in the range of $ 60 million to $ 65 million . in the first quarter of 2017 , it spend $ 21 million on capital expenditure compare to $ 12 million in the first quarter of 2016 . it capital investment in the quarter be focus on project that will drive earning improvement in the back half of this year include additional co - mail and digital print capacity to support the growth it be see in these offering . depreciation and amortization be expect to be in the range of $ 155 million to $ 165 million . it expect interest expense in the range of $ 68 million to $ 72 million . it full year non - gaap effective tax rate be expect to be in the range of 33 % to 36 % and it expect free cash flow to be between $ 125 million and $ 155 million . and with that , it will return the call to Tom for some closing comment . in closing , it would like to  all of it employee for it continued support , hard work and client - focus dedication . as it continue throughout the year be important that it keep it focus on safety and integrity , while provide the high value and quality each and everyday to it client .  it all for join it today . and with that , operator , it would like to open up the line for question . question - and - answer session  it . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Charlie Strauzer from CJS Securities . it line be open . Charlie Strauzer hi ,  .  , Charlie . Charlie Strauzer Tom , draw  for the additional color behind the guidance kind of the put and take there . it be hope maybe it have a little broad discussion with it Tom about guidance , obviously , it operating and challenge environment be both the office product and book market right now kind of what be give it kind of the confidence that it kind of get there in the back half of the year and as the year progress ? yes .  it , Charlie and  . yes , it mean , today 's reaction to it announcement definitely it be surprised give where it see the year go and what it have plan . so , this -- and it be out in the street , talk to people , it share with like 2016 be such a tough comp in the first quarter . but why it feel good about it be , look , make sure Drew announced today that it go through cost measure , it have be do this forever and it always do it . but say look let it make sure everybody understand that . by - product be trend much high than anticipate , so that be something that quite frankly be something that it do not budget for as it go through more buying come in , in the back half , so it feel good about that . the capital spend that it spend in the first quarter as it look it think it be probably $ 7 million , $ 9 million more than what it spend last year . that be go to deliver for it throughout the remainder of the year . and textbook print , 2016 the publisher accelerate it order to it in the final half of the year and it go through this year after talk to it client and no have those order , will start to come towards the end of this quarter , the start of the third quarter . so as it look at it , it think that that be -- those be not any surprise to it and why it feel good about as it look at thing , the textbook market it as it think about it estimate be that it be go to be a total $ 2.7 billion in total . it mean open territory be estimate to be $ 1.5 billion , new adoption , the residual adoption be about $ 1.2 billion , open territory be about $ 1.5 billion . it get California come out with english language art ; it get Texas with foreign language ; it have get Georgia with science ; Florida with social study ; Oklahoma and South Carolina with math . so , it feel pretty good as far as what that look like . if it look at 2018 ; 2018 suppose to be up to almost 15 % over what be 2017 's forecast be . so it feel good about that , it catalog strategy be -- as it have talk about , it be use close service as a value proposition settlement business as well as drive improve earning for it exist -- on it exist work . it have get a small account strategy that be go well . it have optimize manufacturing platform to create capacity , so it feel good about that . and again catalog be just go to be a continue constant loop of engagement between the cataloger and it customer . it talk to it about book -- it be build that up from the core and magazine Us Weekly , that be a significant win . it be not go away in the magazine market as some people maybe say . it be have it Weekly be a great -- do great thing for it not only from print standpoint , but also from a mailing standpoint . so it think all those thing it have get out there . it feel good about where it be for the remainder of the year . but again , understand that people look at number without go into it and look at the detail and when it do that that can obviously cause some issue that it get here today . Charlie Strauzer it obviously be generate significant free cash flow still in that -- reaffirm that guidance it think be , should give people a lot of confidence still . but what be the kind of the near - term plan for the free cash flow , Tom . and obviously , it can do a lot of shareholder friendly thing with that cash , what be it thought there ? look , it think it think about every action that it take have be shareholder friendly . so , it think as it have talk about the acquisition pipeline be robust with good property that be out there . it do not happen overnight . there be good dialog go on , good give and take . but those acquisition that it look at -- be look at be go to make it strong on a number of account . so it feel good about that . it mean if it go apple - to - apple , it think it math be about $ 58 million more it generate in first quarter 2017 on an apple - to - apple basis then what it do in 2016 . so , the cash flow be there . it be go to put it to good use as it go through it . and again , as it be out in the road , it be look at acquisition . it be look at over time increase the dividend . it pay down the debt . it be do the CapEx internally . so again , it feel -- it feel good about where be the strength of the business be . Charlie Strauzer and then , if it look at kind of the office price business , obviously the whole industry be kind of go through an inventory reduction / reset button if it will . what do it see kind of more likely online the Amazon , the eCommerce avenue of the world , be it start to see -- start to see any pickup in order from that side of that business , be the big box guy be lose share to kind of online as well . yes . look , it think all of it in the world be lose share to Amazon . it be not just office product . but it be a $ 6.6 billion market ; it be a mature market ; it be a consolidate market . it be less than 10 % of that market , well less than 10 % . so there be no excuse on it side with it sale force and it leader for not go out and get additional business there . the demand for it product on everyone 's product , it be drive by the economy and education . it think both of those be either stabilize or improve , so that be a good sign . it brand which again go back to the online , it have get Pendaflex , TOPS , Ampad , Cardinal , Adams , Oxford , hopefully , it do not miss any . and it also do the private label , so there be eCommerce player that be get into private label that be good for it . and obviously , it be sell it brand across there as well . so look it think the big box store be go to settle in at some point here . and it also think that driver behind why people buy these product be good . so again , there be no sort of roadblock , it see with office product . Charlie Strauzer great .  it . good job , kind of it . it think it be -- at least explain to people year - over - year , hard comp it have there . it think it try to capture pretty well in it estimate , but maybe something [ indiscernible ] much as other . but , it think go forward , it have do a good job of kind of set the bar here . and what do it think could take the bar higher , what kind of positive surprise could come to it in the second half of the year , be there anything that in term of the textbook cycle accelerate at all that it be hear from it sale force at all ? look , it think textbook be go to be where it think it be go to be . it do not think that will be anything of great . it think what set it up for the end of the year with a little bit of push and what set up for 2018 , the more supply chain service it can do , the more subscription box it can do from the magazine side . the more what it call the small cataloger and publisher that it can bring in . Continuum , the acquisition that it have talk to it about , it be start to hit it stride there with basically become a provider of printing material for people to go ahead and buy . the leadership there be do a great job . it have get some nice win go on there that it think it will go as fast as it want to go because of what the value add it bring there . so it think those be all upside to it . the acquisition again , hopefully , it will get some of those go as it go through here and be able to benefit from those in the second half of the year as well . Charlie Strauzer perfect .  a lot .  it , Charlie .  it . it next question come to it from Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo . it line be open . Bill Warmington  everybody . Bill Warmington so first question , it know it have go through some of the thought on what be go to happen in the second half of the year and it be just go through the math on it and give the down 7.1 % organic in Q1 , it look like it need to do about -- it have to average 1.6 % negative for the next three quarter to get to the -- at the low end of the minus 3 % to 0 % range . and then to take get to a breakeven for the year , it look like it have to do -- it have to average about positive 2.5 % . just want to make sure those number be -- it have get the same number that it be get because it may be some issue with seasonality on the revenue or something that may affect it . and then , give that math , do it feel that the action that it have take on the revenue side be go to be sufficient to be able to get to that low end of the minus 3 % to 0 % guidance for the year . yes , Bill . this be draw . so it think it math be probably roughly right . it have look at obviously , the year ago relative to it guidance range and as it talk about in it comment . there be a couple of thing depend , which way thing trend that will put it in the different part of that range . but , as it have talk about in the quarter , so what it believe be a good deal of timing and the book education space that should help improve the trend as it be go through the back half of the year . and then some of the additional investment and other that it see come in also get it to the point where it think it ought to be into at least the low half of that range and if thing trend better on the education space from the timing perspective potentially further up . it also be -- have decent visibility in it loading on the long run platform and those have be trend pretty positively relative to it expectation . so that give it some visibility on that part of the business in term of what it revenue expectation be for the back half . Bill Warmington all right . it mention some capacity come online in the second half , it believe be for magazine , right ? for co - mail , so not … Bill Warmington for co - mail , sorry , sorry . and it have get digital that it announce as it relate to digital equipment that it purchase as well . so , that be why it see $ 21 million be spend in the first quarter , [ NextGo ] [ ph ] get a new press come online . so again , all those thing it be not one to sort of buy and hopefully somebody come , it have a history of make sure that when it spend it cash , it know that it have get a good return on it when it come , why it be buy it . Bill Warmington well , that be go to be it question , be how comfortable be it with the expected utilization on that -- on that new plant that be come online and what kind of … it be very sensible with the utilization that it will be do with the equipment that it be bring in as well as with the service that it be go to be offer as it sit here today . the volume to fill up co - mail capacity that it be bring on , those volume be already in - house today and it have continue to make progress and what it can do and the value that it can get out of co - mail and so that there be no doubt that it will fill up that capacity . Bill Warmington okay . then last question for it be on the M&A side , just want to double - check in term of , it will call it purchasing capacity available for M&A specifically the available cash -- net of the cash need on the business available to that capacity and then factor in any debt repayment , just try to get a sense of what it -- big while it be if it will to do M&A over the next -- let it say the remainder of 2017 . yes . look , it have already make it debt payment for 2017 so that be behind it . it think the number be $ 476 million of available capacity that it have , anything that it be look at as it have talk about when it be on the road be $ 25 million to maybe couple of $ 100 million top - line , all of that within the kill zone of what it be try to do and within the covenant as well as the rating that it have . so again feel good about that . Bill Warmington all right . well ,  it very much .  it , Bill .  it . it next question come to it from Bill Mastoris from Baird & Company . it line be open . hi . follow up on the last question and an early question regard the M&A pipeline and it think it partially answer this . but Tom , the M&A as it have indicate be get to be a little bit small than it be obviously than in it prior life . but , it be just wonder if it find the right acquisition how far be it willing to stretch the balance sheet , just in term of leverage ? and any color it could give it for additional criterion and any M&A activity would be greatly appreciate . it appreciate Bill . look , it be not go to -- it be not go to see it go up to 3 % . it think when it have talk when it have be on this call say , look it may go a little bit above what the guard rail on the high - end be for a period of time , but the idea be to comeback down . it mean it have get $ 85 million of cash somewhere in the 80 -- balance sheet right now . the significant amount of room here that it have to go ahead and play with , but it be not -- it be not go to see it go up to something approach 3 % . the thing that it be look at will move the needle at this size of a company . so to it point , which be a valid one , not like what it do back at donnelly when it have [ indiscernible ] , Carrier and Bound , but these transaction it be still -- it be still a fragmented marketplace . it be all the reason why it think it be a good investment . as it have get a strong competitive position , it believe it have the right strategy . it have the scale to drive the low total cost for it client . it do match cost of revenue as it go through thing . it have indicate , everybody have indicate it do have a solid balance sheet and it be pay attractive dividend . so all of that come together as far as it be concern make it attractive , and then also make it partner of choice when it client think of one in a partner up with the communication business . so , as it think about it , it think it be -- it be still on track to deliver what it say it will deliver this year that it do not think that lightly , it know that mean it have be around long enough time to understand when it make commitment . it think everybody still get and try to understand what it business be , there be a lot of new shareholder in it account that be not there before . so , it think as it go through thing , it be try to understand and hopefully it can get through this first half of the year and people will start to understand what it be all about , how it be manage the business and why it be excited about what the opportunity be here at LSC . okay . Tom , just to confirm and draw maybe the well person for this that -- there be really no M&A activity that be assume in any of it guidance . do it have that correct , be that a fair statement ? yes . that be correct . the guidance be all reflective of it organic expectation at this point . other than the M&A that be be complete at this point . so , it have get some impact in there from the couple of small deal that it finish in the last year and in the first quarter . okay . of course , the answer be very helpful .  it very much .  it , Bill . and operator with that it will end the call . it know everybody be busy . there be a lot of people who be report earning , hopefully people find this helpful . it will be back to it in 90 day and again ,  it for it support . 