throughout an eventful quarter , it remain focused on it strategic priority of grow it core business and execute with excellence . consistent with it focus , it announce and close it acquisition of NPH , which be an important milestone for it . today , it look forward to discuss the third quarter with it start with a summary of it result . it core business continue to grow in the third quarter with asset increase to $ 560 billion , drive by increase net new asset and rise equity market . advisory net new asset be the primary driver of net flow , and as a result , 45 % of total asset be now in advisory solution . on it centrally manage advisory platform , net new asset continue to increase follow it previously announce strategic pricing change . it advisor count be roughly flat in the third quarter , as recruiting continue to be influence by advisor uncertainty around the timing of the DOL fiduciary rule . at the same time , production retention be 97 % year - to - date prior to the impact of previously discuss client departure . altogether , it believe it business result reflect the appeal of it model and it advisor ’ ability to win in the marketplace . it will next turn to it third quarter financial result . gross profit be up year - over - year and it stay discipline on expense to generate operating leverage . these result lead to $ 0.63 of earning per share or $ 0.66 prior to cost relate to it NPH acquisition and it September debt refinance . Matt will review it financial performance in great depth . as it look forward , it plan to stay focused on drive growth and generate operating leverage . it would now like to review it approach to it NPH acquisition . now as a reminder , NPH advisor be onboarde with it in two wave , with one wave in Q4 and the other in Q1 . it onboarde approach for these advisor have two phase . the first phase be the recruiting process and the second phase be the transition onto it platform . with respect to recruit , it focus on four factor that it know from experience be important to advisor when move firm . it be the ease of transition , it ongoing economic with it , it differentiate capability and it onboarde financial assistance . as such , it will address each of these in turn . first , it tape to tape onboarde process enable a smooth experience for advisor and retail client . it process automate most of the account movement and paperwork and help advisor maintain continuity in it service and revenue . second , in most case , NPH advisor will continue to have similar take home pay with it as it have comparable payout grid to NPH . third be the strength of it capability , and in particular , it advisory platform and self - clear operation , which can support NPH advisor as it work to grow it practice . fourth , it offer attractive onboarde financial assistance , both in cash and other financial incentive , such as minimize lose asset , avoid revenue interruption and reduce out - of - pocket expense . altogether , it believe it be provide a compelling combination of process , economic , capability and financial assistance . and it be approach this with it principle of execute with excellence , as it work to support advisor as it join LPL . as such , it be invest ahead of NPH advisor join it in the two wave . as part of it plan , it anticipate hire approximately 350 full - time employee to help provide ongoing support to NPH advisor . it be also invest in a smooth transition experience by bring on about 300 temporary staff to handle some of the initial work . at the same time , it be use innovation to reduce friction in the process and to deliver a more personalized experience . in summary , it be take a thoughtful approach to recruit and to transition NPH advisor to LPL . by early November , an advisor be schedule to onboard in the fourth quarter who do not wish to join it will need to notify NPH . this will give it a clear view of the NPH advisor that will be include in the first wave on onboarde . as a result , it plan to share an update at it Investor Day . it would next like to discuss it advisory solution , where it continue to see strong demand consistent with broad industry trend . it have the competitive advantage of offer both corporate and hybrid advisory platform . it corporate platform be a turnkey solution that provide compliance , governance and operation and be a good fit for advisor of all size . it hybrid platform be design for advisor and practice that have the size , capability and desire to operate it own RIA and take on the compliance work and risk it in exchange for a low price . to ensure that it advisor join platform that be design to meet it need and to better align with the marketplace , in August , it announce update to it hybrid offering . start January 1st , 2018 , advisor and practice join it , will need to have $ 50 million or more of advisory asset to affiliate with it hybrid platform , though it will grandfather all exist hybrid relationship . these change position it to allocate more capital in the form of transition assistance to advisor join the corporate platform , which be well - position to serve the emerge demand for risk management service in a more complex regulatory world . these change also better align it strategically to work with advisor practice to both attract new advisor and new asset . now let it turn to the DOL fiduciary rule implementation . while it be plan for a January 1 , 2018 full implementation date , uncertainty remain on the final timing . at this point , it have already complete the majority of it preparation . the primary item that remain be the launch of it mutual fund only platform . it plan be to bring this initiative to market directionally align with the final DOL rule implementation date . so it be stay flexible to adjust if the date change . regardless of the timing , it continue to believe a high standard of care be appropriate and will benefit it industry . in summary , it deliver another quarter of business growth and operating leverage . it close on it acquisition of NPH and it be committed to smoothly onboarde it advisor . it plan to stay focused on it strategic priority of growth and execution as it work to create long - term shareholder value . with that , it will turn the call over to Matt . Matthew Audette  it , Dan , and it be glad to speak with everyone on the call . overall , it be pleased with it third quarter result as it continue to improve it business fundamental and financial performance by grow asset and gross profit , stay discipline on expense and drive operating leverage . year - over - year , it asset grow 11 % . gross profit grow 12 % and EBITDA grow 30 % . it also announce and close on it acquisition of NPH and be excited for it advisor to join it platform over the next two quarter . and it capitalize on favorable debt market to borrow an additional $ 200 million , primarily to support NPH - relate cost and refinance some of it debt . as for earning , it generate $ 0.63 of GAAP earning per share in Q3 , or $ 0.66 prior to $ 0.03 of cost relate to it NPH acquisition and debt refinancing . a year ago in Q3 , it generate $ 0.58 of GAAP EPS , or $ .042 prior to $ 0.16 of benefit from tax planning initiative and account termination fee relate to an institutional client departure . so prior to all of those item , it operating result drive EPS up 57 % year - over - year . let it now go into it Q3 business result in great depth , start with brokerage and advisory asset . it finish the quarter at $ 560 billion , up $ 18 billion , or 3 % sequentially , include $ 2.9 billion of net new asset . demand for advisory service continue to grow as net new advisory asset increase to $ 6.9 billion , include $ 1.9 billion in conversion from brokerage to advisory . it net new advisory asset include centrally manage platform inflow that also increase sequentially . those flow have average more than $ 1 billion per quarter this year , up from small outflow in 2016 . these result show that it business be move from brokerage to advisory and within advisory , more business be move to it centrally manage platform , both trend which benefit it gross profit return on asset . turn to it q3 financial result , gross profit be $ 387 million , down slightly from last quarter . this be primarily drive by two factor , high advisor production bonus and low annual IRA maintenance fee , both of which be seasonal trend it typically see in Q3 . Commission and advisory fee net of payout be $ 96 million in Q3 , down $ 8 million or 8 % sequentially . this be mostly due to a high payout rate , which be 87.3 % , up from 86.4 % in Q2 , follow a seasonal increase in advisor production bonus , as well as high advisor stock compensation give it Q3 stock price increase . look ahead , Q4 be typically the high quarter of advisor production bonus . for reference , it increase $ 2 million from Q3 to Q4 last year . move on to asset - base fee , which include sponsor and cash sweep revenue . sponsor revenue be $ 102 million , up slightly from Q2 . as for cash sweep revenue , it be $ 82 million , up $ 10 million , or 14 % from Q2 , primarily due to high cash sweep yield follow the June Fed rate hike . additionally , it launch it business ica program in July and approximately $ 1 billion of cash balance move from money market account to ICA . this provide insurance to more client and increase it average cash sweep yield . client cash as a percent of asset finish Q3 at 5.1 % , flat with q2 . this be below it long - term average of about 6 % as client remain highly engage in the market . look at Q3 cash sweep yield , it ICA yield be 124 basis point , up 16 basis point from q2 . look ahead to Q4 , it expect the primary driver of change to cash sweep yield will be short - term interest rate . it also continue to expect that in each future Fed rate hike it can retain at least half of the benefit and generate at least $ 35 million of annual gross profit . now turn to Q3 transaction and fee revenue . it be $ 104 million , down $ 5 million , or 5 % sequentially . this be drive by $ 6 million in fee relate to it Focus conference , partially offset by a seasonal decline in IRA fee . also , as a reminder , in Q2 it implement an alternative investment custody fee effective at the beginning of 2016 . so last quarter ’s revenue include fee for all of 2016 and Q1 of 2017 , which total approximately $ 5 million . as it look to Q4 , it do not have a major conference , so it expect conference revenue to decline by $ 6 million sequentially . let it now move to expense , start with core G&A. in Q3 , core G&A expense be $ 179 million , include $ 3 million of NPH - relate cost . prior to those NPH cost , core G&A be $ 176 million in Q3 , flat with q2 as it remain disciplined on expense . turn to the full - year , it now have three quarter complete and it feel good about what it have be able to deliver on expense . for Q4 , it typically have some seasonal increase in area like client statement and professional fee , so it expect Q4 to increase sequentially . but when it look at the year overall , it expect core G&A prior to NPH cost to be in the range of $ 710 million to $ 715 million . move on to Q3 promotional expense . it be $ 43 million , up $ 11 million sequentially . this be primarily due to it Focus conference in Q3 , partially offset by low transition assistance . look ahead to Q4 , it expect conference expense to be down by about $ 13 million . it also expect a seasonal increase in marketing expense . for reference , marketing expense increase $ 2 million from Q3 to Q4 last year . and as a reminder , Q4 be typically one of the strong recruiting quarter of the year , so that could drive an increase in transition assistance and move promotional expense up . now let it turn to it September debt refinance . it business have perform well and debt market have remain favorable . this create an opportunity to raise some funding , primarily for NPH - relate cost , further shift the mix of it debt from float rate to fix and lower it interest rate . with these opportunity in mind , it issue $ 400 million of add - on senior note to it exist senior note from March . it be able to issue it above par with a yield of 5.12 % , down just over 60 basis point from 5.75 % just six month earlier in the year . of the approximately $ 400 million in proceed raise , it use $ 200 million to pay down a portion of it term loan and it plan to use the remain proceed primarily for NPH - relate cost . it also lower the interest rate on it term loan and revolver by 25 basis point each . as it look forward to Q4 , and assume no change in interest rate , the net impact of the increase debt balance and low yield should be an approximately $ 3 million sequential increase in interest expense . let it next turn to it leverage ratio . it strategy be to maintain a strong balance sheet that position it to take advantage of opportunity that arise much like it do with NPH . last quarter , it have a credit agreement net leverage ratio of 3.1 time . this quarter , it net leverage ratio be up slightly to 3.2 time , drive primarily by the $ 200 million debt increase . in the long run , it management target leverage remain a range of 3.25 to 3.5 time , and it continue to be comfortable operate slightly above or below that range to position it to take advantage of opportunity as it arise . now let it turn to capital deployment . in Q3 , it primary capital use be the $ 325 million initial purchase price for NPH . at the same time , it continue to invest for growth , provide transition assistance for recruit and invest $ 27 million in CapEx , mostly for technology . it also continue to return capital to shareholder , include $ 25 million of share repurchase and $ 23 million in regular quarterly dividend for a total of $ 48 million in Q3 . as it look at it capital deployment option from here , it continue to see a number of opportunity that can drive growth and value for shareholder . more specifically , it near - term focus be ensure that it be position to fund the incremental cost associate with NPH , as well as potential opportunity , such as invest in it own stock as it believe it ’ an attractive investment at current trading level . now let it talk more about NPH and it impact on it financial result . it be still too early in the process to share an update on it onboarding and retention progress . but it do want to give it a sense of how it be think about some of the financial impact . first , NPH be go to increase it amortization of intangible asset . the transaction be structure to have a total purchase price in the range of $ 325 million to $ 448 million . it continue to expect to record this amount as a combination of intangible asset and goodwill likely with slightly more intangible asset . it also anticipate record this amount on a pro rata basis , as advisor onboard in the Q4 and Q1 wave . this mean , it will have some amortization of a tangible asset start in Q4 , which will ramp up to the full run rate quarterly amount by roughly q2 of next year . it would also note this estimate could change once it complete it valuation and accounting work . second , it continue to anticipate onboarding expense relate to bring NPH advisor onto it platform in the range of $ 40 million to $ 60 million . this include the $ 3 million of core G&A expense it have in Q3 . it expect the remain amount to be roughly split between Q4 and Q1 , as it onboard the two wave of NPH advisor . third , it continue to expect roughly $ 100 million of onboarde financial assistance for NPH advisor join it platform . while it expect more than half of it financial assistance to be loan , the amount that be pay in case would be expense in Q4 and Q1 as advisor onboard . just note that the actual amount of financial assistance it pay will be base on the amount of NPH business it onboard . so the final total may move up or down . as for the timing of EBITDA benefit from NPH business that onboards , it view be unchanged . it expect to see some EBITDA benefit as advisor onboard in wave and to reach the full run rate benefit by the end of 2018 . in closing , it be pleased with it continued strong business and financial result . it be excited about it acquisition of NPH and it be work to provide a smooth onboarding experience for it advisor . it remain focused on grow asset in gross profit , stay discipline on expense to create operate leverage and deploy capital to drive growth and shareholder return . with that , operator , please open the call for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Yian Dai with KBW . it line be open . hi . good afternoon .  for take it question . first thing it have be on NPH . and it remember , when it guy announce the acquisition it talk about the cash level for NPH client be somewhat low . and it guess , it be just wonder how it think about it and what ’ a reasonable timeframe to see those cash level approach the LPL range as those client onboard , what be the hurdle to get to that point ? Matthew Audette sure , and this be Matt , it will start . it mean , it think , a couple of thing and it see it in it mix of business as well . it would highlight first , remember , the mix of it business be more brokerage versus advisory , which be go to have it cash level a little bit low . and then two , it think , when it look across it industry overall , client in general be really engage in the market , so even look at it number at 5.1 % be relatively low by historic standard , which would put it around the 6 % range . it would highlight it be flat quarter - over - quarter . but it think it ’ client engagement be a big one and the mix of brokerage business be the other , and those be probably two thing it would highlight . okay , great . that ’ a good color . and in it prepare remark when it talk about the 350 full - time employee and some of the temp staff , it be just wonder what level of retention it be base that on . be it within that range that where it have the contingent payment ? yes , this be Dan . it think as it contemplate and construct it plan , it obviously share with it the range of potential spectrum of retention that it be think about . so those number be just consistent with that plan . it think , as Matt mention earlier , to the degree that it refine exactly what it retention rate will be , that number could potentially fluctuate up or down associate with that . okay .  very much .  it . it next question come from Doug Mewhirter with SunTrust . it line be open . Douglas Mewhirter hi , good evening . just a first quick – just a quick number clarification . the – it financial assistance , Matt , what do it say that it estimate the initial financial assistance for the first two – those two wave of advisor would be ? it say about half of it would be in cash , but other would be loan , which would be amortize ? Matthew Audette yes . so that be in reference to the approximately $ 100 million of financial assistance . so similar to Dan ’s comment on the headcount right now , that ’ it , call it , it middle of the road number and it could be above or below that . and – but it be in reference to that $ 100 million . Douglas Mewhirter okay .  for that . and it follow - up maybe for Dan . it ’ sort of two - part , but the same subject on advisor productivity . it notice the productivity for advisor tick down . and also it notice it sale commission drop off quite a bit and it look like it be across the Board , be not any one particular category . and it be just wonder relate to both of those question , just comment on advisor productivity in general or commission productivity . yes , and it think there ’ a small correlation there that obviously advisor productivity could be impact relative to the amount of sale commission that ’ be do . that productivity number also be – do not pull through in an apple - to - apple way the hybrid RIA advisory revenue , because it do not count that as it revenue . that show up , as it know , as more of an attachment revenue or the net revenue . and so the productivity number be a bit impaired or influence , if it will , by not include that advisory revenue at a gross amount . but it think the shift in the productivity number , as it say , it have a high correlation with the sale commission . and the sale commission be down be not a surprise to it . it think , if it look at it , there ’ probably three primary driver on the year - on - year change . the first be just that ongoing secular trend from brokerage to advisory . and where appropriate for client , it certainly want to be supportive and helpful in it advisor in make that transition , so it have try to simplify and automate that process in that support . and again , where it ’ appropriate for the investor , but that ’ one driver . the second one be the standardization of commission that go on across variable , fix annuity and alternative investment . and again , that have a year - on - year impact , where it see that show up , then it be see a shift in the economic from less sale and more trail . and so it think that ’ part of that year - on - year impact . and then finally , the third one be one that ’ maybe more unique to it where some of the previously announce client departure that it have have a much high mix of brokerage commission and that would tend to create a headwind year - on - year . it think , if it look at it from a sequential basis from Q2 to Q3 , that be really just the typical seasonality it see from come in out of tax season or IRA season in to Q3 . and it think the trend this year be very similar to the downward trend it have see in prior year . do that answer it question ? Douglas Mewhirter okay ,  . yes , that ’ very helpful and that ’ all it question . okay .  it .  it . it next question come from Steven Chubak with Nomura Instinet . it line be open . hey , good afternoon , guy . so … good afternoon . … it want to start off with a question on just rate and deposit beta expectation . if it look more holistically at just some of the rating deposit dynamic that it have see in the retail brokerage space from some of it peer that have already report , it seem that more of the benefit be pass along to client , whether it ’ in the form of high deposit rate or low money market fee . it be wonder if it be see any sign of intensify competition on either deposit or money market . and maybe just some indication as to what sort of action it may take to potentially combat some of those effort . Matthew Audette yes , it can start this , Steven , this be Matt . it mean , it think when it look at it – specific to it cash product , right , it ’ in general , it ’ right insensitive , it ’ not unique to it . it think when it look at suite product , in general , it be about the operational convenience and availability to invest as oppose to a client put money in there specifically for rate . it think second , it – the first few rate hike where interest rate do not move , in the most recent one it do , include it . so it think it be definitely start to see some of that rate sensitivity . it think when it think about go forward from here , it work assumption be a 50 % beta or pricing coefficient , and it think it will likely be , or possibly be a little bit better than that . it think when it compare that across other folk in these type of product , it think , the vast majority be assume something at that or even low . so it think it be pretty conservative in it view on the 50 % . and maybe the final point it would make be , it ’ not a certain pricing for all balance . typically large balance be more sensitive and the rate that get pass through on those be high in general just due to the nature of the product . so it think , it feel pretty good about where it be position . all right .  for all that color , Matt . and just one more for it , it ’ – maybe for Dan , just a broad question on the growth strategy . it would say that one of the more interesting discussion point that it have have with investor post the NPH announcement have really be this discussion around the potential for rollup to become a big part of the growth narrative at LPL . and it be wonder if it view that growth strategy as something right for LPL to take advantage of , just take a step back , whether it ’ well economic at a self - clear entity and what appear to be a very fragmented broker dealer space , be there an opportunity that it view as sufficiently compelling and maybe provide the good return on capital , or be it more look to pursue that strategy because of the risk associate with M&A ? yes , that question certainly make as a good one . so it would start right back at it strategy where it share with it , it be very focused on grow in it core market and it see opportunity obviously to drive that through both organic growth in inorganic way , such as M&A. and it think that it approach the NPH transaction with very much a plan to make sure that it understand , that it learn , that it refine , that it be constantly work on how it improve that overall effort all in the spirit of that it could potentially be an ongoing opportunity . and it mix , as it say , a world that ’ get more complex and tough and challenging and scale tend to be more and more important in environment like that with a fragmented environment . and if it create a strong muscle around this overall effort and process then it think those thing could add up to potential opportunity as it go forward . great .  very much .  it . it next question come from Bill Katz with Citigroup . it line be open . okay .  so much . just come back to deposit beta just from the other side . it actually hear a slightly different message from some of the online broker . it think , it be sort of come in a bit low in term of it core deposit beta versus maybe some of the wire house orient in it work channel . so when it look at that 50 % deposit beta , that feel awfully conservative . be that just sort of base on it own level of conservativism ? be there something very unique to it platform that would make it client base a bit more sensitive to rate ? just try to get a well handle on why such a high percentage . Matthew Audette yes , Bill , it mean , it think the – where interest rate go and where market dynamic go nobody know , right ? so it think it see a range of view on there . it think it have hear it , include today , every time it highlight this 50 % beta emphasize that it think it will be well than that . so it think it be hear that well . it think get into the nuance of whether it will be 40 % or 30 % , it think that ’ hard for it to know . so it think that ’ it perspective . it do think it ’ conservative , but again it never know , so that ’ it planning assumption . yes . and Bill , it think , the only color it would add to that , and Matt reference it earlier be historically speak , these rate be different potentially across the size of the cash balance or the deposit in one ’s account . and it think it have hear it describe before the nature of it account balance be a lot of small account that historically have not be as sensitive to interest rate or competition as large account . and so it think , as Matt say , it ’ uncertain , there be a lot of move part . but it think those be sort of the structural foundational element that sort of shape it thinking . okay , that ’ helpful . and just a follow - up . it be look for it supplement and it know there ’ a lot of move part , but it be look specifically at page 15 . and it be just so surprised that it be not see a little more lift in the gross profit roa at this point in time . and it certainly appreciate some of the component piece have change here within brokerage , et cetera . but give where it be in term of the rate cycle , give what seem to be a pretty healthy market backdrop and the – what ’ be a very strong operating leverage story in term of the core G&A , it be just surprised it be not see a bit of improvement there . be it at a more natural inflection point , or be it just miss something in term of that sort of thought process on that incremental asset come in the door ? Matthew Audette yes , Bill , this be Matt . it think , it have get a few deck out there , but it think it be in the investor presentation update on the operating leverage side . and it highlight a few thing , right ? first and foremost on us deliberate operating leverage , which be the difference between the gross profit roa and operate expense . and it know it see it . but just to emphasize below that , it be increase and it ’ be increase for the last three year , so it think that ’ good . it think , when it look at the revenue it with the gross profit roa , there be a couple of thing to keep in mind . so the trend that it have talk through for a while that Dan have emphasize as well , from a brokerage to advisory trend and even within brokerage , the sale to trail conversion , those thing manifest it in a decline and short - term revenue and then build in more recur revenue over time . so it think it see that as part of the driver and it think the sale decline this quarter be a great example of that . so it think , it feel good about it . it think , it feel good about the long - term growth opportunity . but it think it feel best about match it investment and spending in those period and deliver the operating leverage growth that it see on the bottom of that page . great .  it very much .  it . it next question come from Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs . it line be open . Conor Fitzgerald Dan , just one for it . it know it do not have a well read on the hard number for November on the transition front . but just wonder if it could give it an update around what it be hear from the NPH advisor in conversation and how it be find it value proposition ? yes . so , appreciate the fact that certainly it be try to get well number to share with it and be a bit more specific about that at Investor Day . that say , happy to give it some color lead into that . so it ’ natural anytime it have an M&A scenario where it ’ a catalyst for advisor to consider it option . and it think it have share that before . and so it anticipate this to be a competitive environment . and so when it create the deal structure , obviously it be influence with that anticipation in both the creating of the risk sharing within NPH , as well as try to create a compelling value proposition for the NPH advisor . and again , it think it feel good about the combination of the thing that experience tell it really matter to it , which be the transition process , get from point a to b , certainly , the ongoing economic , to it business . and then finally , the capability that it may offer it in a world that either lower it call , drive efficiency or help it grow . and then finally , the financial assistance . and it will say that , look , this a good property , good advisor and it certainly see many advisor who be excited about join it and see that the opportunity of the capability , especially in the advisory area and the technology platform of which to leverage to both drive efficiency and growth in it practice . so it see a really good positive response . of course , the flip side of that is , it do not expect all NPH advisor to join it , so on the other side of that , not be all a good fit . and some may not be strategically aligned and wish to use all of it full set of capability . it think , perhaps in other case it may find one with a certain preference , such as perhaps a small firm . and then there ’ some case , where competitor have often offer financial term that just do not meet it threshold . and it think what it have try to do through this entire process in all case be to maintain it financial discipline and it risk standard as it think about the opportunity , just like it would do in typical recruiting . all that say , it feel good that there ’ a compelling value proposition that ’ attractive to many of those advisor , and it look forward to provide more information to it at Investor Day . Conor Fitzgerald that ’ helpful color .  . and then just one on the sponsorship revenue up 1 % quarter - over - quarter versus total asset of 3 % . just wonder what the dynamic be this quarter and just how it should think about that kind of tracking versus asset level go forward . Matthew Audette sure , Conor . so it look at it in two part . it mean , it have get revenue share in there , which be typically or mostly associate with the brokerage side of the business . in between the conversion from brokerage to advisory and some of the outflow that it have see over the last few quarter , that ’ drive that piece of other asset - base revenue down . and then the offset to that be on the recordkeeping side , which be primarily advisory - drive , so that ’ grow in excess , as it can tell , with a 1 % increase with the decline in brokerage , right , and that ’ connect to it – to advisory growth and especially to growth on the corporate platform . so those be the two dynamic there just the brokerage offset that advisory growth . Conor Fitzgerald it ’ helpful .  .  it . it next question come from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities . it line be open . great . good afternoon . Dan and Matt , how be it guy ? Matthew Audette hey , good afternoon . good . in the investor presentation , it think on Slide 16 , it say low near - term expense trajectory . and it just want to make sure it understand that . be that just a comment on the tight guidance range this year , or be there some comment on expense remain low ? it just want to make sure it understand that . and then maybe a big picture on expense , as it think about start to budget for next year , how do it guy feel like it be in technology investment ? it see the slide kind of show the pretty big step up in CapEx in technology , which be good to see . but be that an area where it feel like it ’ go to be accelerate relative to other investment , or how do it feel like that ’ an impact with trajectory over the next year ? yes , sure . it mean , think on the outlook in the investor slide , there be no hide message . it ’ specific to the 710 to 715 . it think on the technology front , it think , it thought and philosophy here be unchanged and will likely be the same in 2018 , which be when it think about invest for organic growth , it mean , the two main area it see be invest in recruit and in technology development , primarily for development at capability for it advisor . and it think the slide it be refer to , it think , have it up in the mid - teens growth per year . and it do not – it have not land it plan for 2018 yet , but it think there ’ that general trend be a good way to think about where it be focused , just because it see the value it see in invest in technology for it advisor and it client . got it . okay , very helpful . and then just a follow - up here . the FA headcount be essentially unchanged with last quarter . it be a little bit soft than it model and it know there ’ a number of move part in there . but be that just a function of not a lot of movement in the industry , or be the gross number different , and it be just kind of curious why movement may be stagnant or what it be see right now and just kind of big picture on just the recruiting backlog currently outside of what ’ go on with NPH ? yes . so let it – this be Dan . let it take a stab at that for it . so , hey , if it look back , it think , over the last 12 month , right , it see a good solid recruiting in Q4 and Q1 , a bit soft in Q2 and Q3 tend to look a bit more like Q2 . and it think the big driver that it see there be the continued uncertainty around the DOL rule . and that tend to reduce the amount of advisor in motion or movement , especially what it have see in the financial institution and large practice . it think it continue to see good flow of advisor out of employee - base model to the independent model . so that ’ go on underneath that . it think , as it look at the combination of it capability and it continue to focus on growth and organic growth and recruit be an important element of that , it think it model continue to be appeal . and that set it up well to think about it long - term outlook for expand the number of advisor through recruiting . it think it final question around be there some NPH overlap into it overall recruiting effort . in the short - run , it treat those item as two different initiative and it try to thus separate the resource associate with execute on both of those to mitigate much of the disruption as it could . now the leadership team that ’ oversee those effort be it recruiting leadership , who be over index some of it time in the last couple of month to NPH , so that may have some minimal or marginal impact in the short run . but it think with the acquisition of NPH ultimately become a stimulus to increase recruit as it just expand it incremental capacity to invest . make sense , great .  very much .  it . it next question come from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo . it line be open .  . so it guy have have gross margin up around 12 % over the last couple of quarter . and it be wonder what it think it growth rate would be if it be in an environment of flat rate and flat equity market ? Matthew Audette yes , Chris . so it do not give guidance there . it mean , it think it go back to the early question on op margin , it ’ really about what it be drive to grow it business outside of interest rate . so think like brokerage to advisory conversion . the investment it be make in the advisory platform . align it policy , as Dan talk a lot about today to match up that advisory platform , both the corporate platform and the hybrid platform with what folk need in the market . it think those be all the area that if it be successful over time be go to drive return and increase return in gross profit in addition to increase in interest rate or market level overall , and of course , net new asset it . so that ’ what it highlight , nothing else . no , it think that ’ right . it continue to stay focused , as Matt say , on drive organic growth , exit that either market tailwind or headwind . and it think it have describe how it typically do that and there ’ a variety , as it say , of move part inside of that . but if it can continue to grow net new asset and improve and enhance the roa on those asset , then it will execute on that effort . okay . a big picture question for it . it have make a lot of change in the platform over the last couple of year . be there any other major initiative leave at this point , or do it guy think it have do most of the heavy lifting ? Matthew Audette so maybe there ’ a couple of platform that it be refer to . so perhaps the first one be the operating platform , which it refer to as client work . be that what it be refer to ? yes , it just mean the overall the organization . Matthew Audette so whether it have make significant pricing change , the upgraded technology and so on ? get it , sorry about that . so , look , it think , it continue to invest in the business where it see strategic opportunity . so it be always look at the environment and look for trend , issue , challenge , opportunity and where it can be most thoughtful about evolve it capability to capitalize on those opportunity . and so price be always one of those consideration . it could be new service that may drive new revenue stream . it could be invest in technology to drive new capability , as Matt say earlier , to help position it advisor to win . and so it think , it will see it effort on a go - forward basis as it have be in the last couple of year to continue to enhance the model and capitalize on the opportunity in the marketplace . it think there be a great opportunity with the grow demand for financial advice to continue to position and help it advisor step in and capitalize on that opportunity . it think the independent objective advice be the good approach to do that . so it think it model have lot of merit as well to attract new advisor to it . so it hope that answer it question . but from a big picture standpoint , it should expect it to continue to invest in it capability set to try to capitalize on that opportunity . got it .  .  it . it next question come from Chris Shutler with William Blair . it line be open . hey , guy , good afternoon . good afternoon . on the transaction and fee line , it just want to dig in there why a decline $ 5 million quarter - over - quarter in Q3 . it know there be the $ 5 million or so of one - time help in Q2 from Alt . there be $ 6 million , it think , roughly benefit from Focus in Q3 . it also know kind of the online broker that it dart be flat to up in Q3 . so it guess , all else equal , it would have think that line would have be close to flat than down $ 5 million ? Matthew Audette yes , it summarize it pretty well , Chris . it mean , it think , the only item it do not have there be more , and Dan cover it a little bit earlier on the IRA side . Matthew Audette so seasonality for ir fee and thing be really in the first - half of the year and especially in Q2 , and it would typically see a decline in that in Q3 . so that would be the third piece and the other two big one it highlight , the Focus conference and the AI custody fee in the prior quarter . okay , fair enough . and then regard this whole move to require new advisor to put $ 50 million on the platform , could it just walk it through the thought process there , the put and take ? on one hand , there be potentially increase attrition from OSJs , on the other hand it get well economic from new advisor . so just how do it come up with that solution ?  . Matthew Audette yes , so , yes , good question . so it think , maybe the question be , hey , what ’ it strategy or how be it think about that , right ? and so with context , it – as it mention earlier , it offer both a corporate and hybrid platform , which be a competitive advantage , it enable it to serve a great diversity of adviser . and that ’ a good thing and hence it be committed to continue to invest and grow both platform . it think as such , the – there it have to pay attention to also the grow trend out in the marketplace . one that it see be the complexity in the regulatory world be drive a great demand for risk management service and support . and of course , it corporate platform provide those capability . in fact , a little more color on that . some of the advisor that originally go hybrid back three and four year ago be now because of the change in the risk management element of it business be now in the process of move back to the corporate platform and it expect some of that trend to continue . and so in that spirit , it think , it be focus on two key principle with this update . one be to align it offering to what be available elsewhere in the marketplace . and the second be position it to allocate it capital in line with it economic . so begin in 2018 , advisor under $ 50 million of advisory asset will join the corporate platform . advisor that have over $ 50 million have the choice of join either the corporate platform or the hybrid platform . and then it will – secondly , it will provide great transition assistance rate on corporate advisory and bring it hybrid TA rate down in line with the marketplace . and it believe these change will position it advisor to best capitalize on the market opportunity go forward , where it help it both in term of serve it exist client to give it more time to grow it practice . and secondly , where it will continue to help and support it recruit new advisor to it business . so that ’ the overall why it do this . it actually thus think in the long - term this will actually help it recruit volume . and certainly , as it say , it will create high yield on those recruiting class as it get a well return , because it provide more service on the corporate platform . all right .  it .  it . it next question come from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan . it line be open . Ken Worthington hi , good afternoon . actually just a follow - up on the transition , it be sorry , transaction line question . the seasonality it guy mention in IRA fee , have not that always be the case ? why so unusually pronounce in 3Q 2017 versus the second - half of prior year ? Matthew Audette yes , Ken , it would not say , it ’ so pronounced . and it think when it and maybe when it look at the year - over - year , that look like it ’ pronounce . but a reminder , the Q3 2016 have some – around $ 4 million in termination fee associate with a client departure in that quarter . so it would not say , it be abnormally large than it have see in the past . Ken Worthington okay , fair enough . and just on the , let it see , the custom clearing provider , that number be down again . just talk about what the outlook there be ? be there sort of a light at the end of the tunnel on the advisor ’s number there ? and then how profitable be that sort of segment for it ? it impression be , it be not very profitable , but maybe a little help there too . Matthew Audette yes , it think on the trend , it mean , it would not read anything into it . it have get a large client there and a couple small one and it have have on the small side some movement out that have show those number , or have those number come down . it would not translate that into any profitability concern , it ’ really just some noise in those number and it ’ really one large client that drive that . Ken Worthington but it assume grow that number be well than shrink that number . be there an explanation as to why it ’ shrink ? and this quarter may be in just the trend have be shrink there . yes , this Dan . it think to the degree that number be really drive off of the prioritization of that client and it strategy with it own broker dealer . and whether or not it be in a mode of expand and then grow it through recruiting could influence that . there could be some noise in that with small advisor be transition out , et cetera . so there be some probably big driver of that associate with it strategy . it think what it continue to see and work on be , enhance the asset per advisor that it serve in that area and help it continue to evolve it practice where it be leverage more advisory and brokerage solution in it overall effort . and that ’ how it see the opportunity of grow and expand that overall relationship . and it continue to strategize with it about how it may support and help it with respect to any number of different growth initiative it may be contemplate . but at the end of the day , it be the one that would decide what initiative it prioritize and invest in . Ken Worthington okay , fair enough .  it very much .  it . it final question come from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley . it line be open . hi ,  for take the question . just curious if it could talk about it perspective on advisor payout or payout to new advisor that be come onboard . just how that be evolve ? and if it be to look at three year how thing may look different in three year from today ? how it see this evolve . yes . so let it try to answer that for it . and if it do not answer it completely , please add on to it , but – it question . but look , so it think that that number be influence by the mix of business that it do , so it advisory business versus a brokerage business . it think , give the positioning of it payout grid , it have be very competitive and kind of an industry leader with respect to both the payout it provide in exchange for the value it deliver on that payout . and it have see stability in those number other than some of the mix shift that have occur . it think where it have see it think about price as a strategic lever be more where the flow be go and that would be in the advisory area in the advisory world . and where it have try to potentially bring down the cost associate with it centrally manage platform to make sure that that be a great trade for the advisor for those incremental service , for the incremental payment that it make for it and the return it get on that in term of free up it time to do other more productive thing . and it think it ’ fair for it to continue to think about price in that way , how can it continue to bring down the cost of it corporate advisory platform to enable those advisor to leverage more of those service and position it both to provide great investment content more efficiently to it client at a low cost . and so that ’ how it would think both about the stability of the overall payout and how it may be influence by potential pricing in the area of advisory platform . it hope that help it . great .  . and just as a follow - up question , it think earlier it mention new service and capability that could make sense to add to it platform to help it advisor . just curious if it could help flesh that out in term of what type of service , what type of capability may make sense ? yes . so it would be focus in two area . one be , how do it help improve the investor experience , right ? at the end of the day , it have get to make sure that it provide it the capability that it need to solve it problem at the service level it expect all at a competitive price . and so it think , with respect to the investor experience , that can be anything from new statement that it deliver and provide , as an example , in the second - half of the year and it continue to evolve those all the way to how do it enhance and improve the digital experience that ’ deliver to the end investor , or that could show up in the form of product and platform like low cost for it centrally manage platform , add new investment content to those platform , or even the change it make in the SMA platform by bring in a lot of low - cost investment content and option to it . so those be example of where it would continue to invest to help the advisor position it to win with the investor . and it think , with respect to the advisor , it ’ anything that it can do to lower the cost of it practice to increase and enhance the scalability of it business or to support or help it grow it . so it could look at any variety of thing , like a suite of virtual service . a great example would be the virtual admin that it roll out in – at Focus this year , which be intend to cut in half the cost of an admin for it that give it a productive resource that know it system , take friction out of the system and provide some technology interface to create a personal experience around that . that ’ a great example of a new service that would lower it cost and create scalability in it practice . so again , it will see that with overlay trading capability , evolve it advisory platform . it will see it with new technology that will drive straight through processing and again reduce the amount of effort and time it spend on administrative work . so not to belabor the point , but those be example of how it think about that . 