it be pleased to share with it today it first quarter 2015 result . for the quarter , it continue to execute it growth strategy . it deliver solid financial performance and the benefit of the enhanced investment program continue to build . in the slide today , it have provide it with new naming convention for it product line . performance consist of it index , real estate and ESG product . analytic consist of it risk management and portfolio management analytic product . first , let it talk about it financial performance . it generate 10 % growth in operating revenue , drive by 13 % growth in performance subscription revenue . it record positive operating leverage in the quarter in advance of it second half 2015 commitment . and it expect to deliver continued margin expansion throughout the remainder of this year . it achieve 9 % growth in subscription run rate , exclude the impact of currency fluctuation . and it continue to achieve exceptionally strong retention rate across all of it product line . next , it will talk about the enhanced investment program . for the call today , it will be highlight how it investment have help it position MSCI as a lead index provider to the etf market and a leader in factor index and analytic . and how it investment be drive growth in it index and ESG product . lastly , it will highlight how it investment have drive high retention rate for the analytic product line , the step that it have take to reorganize analytic and why it feel this product line can return to high growth , particularly exemplify by the client win that it record in the quarter . on slide four , it show a set of kpi that it believe be lead indicator of growth . the first section of this slide highlight the driver of high subscription revenue growth over time . policy benchmark win from asset owner , be up 7 % year - over - year . and new index family launch be up 300 % . growth in ESG have be drive by growth in client who increase about 35 % reflect the contribution of GMI as well . in the next section of the slide , it highlight the driver of increase asset flow , which lead to high asset - base fee . the number of MSCI - link etf launch during the quarter increase 81 % year - over - year . active and passive asset tie to factor index of MSCI increase 29 % . period - end AUM link to it index amount to a total of $ 418 billion , up 23 % . and since the end of the first quarter , etf AUM link to it index have continue to grow reach $ 451 billion as of yesterday , and represent a further 8 % growth since the end of the quarter . and lastly , list future and option trading volume base on MSCI index increase 23 % to 10 million contract . the whole area of derivative product associate with it index be a major focus of it strategy and investment as well . lastly , it highlight the driver of high portfolio management analytic revenue . run rate from new risk model that it have invest in and introduce over the past several quarter stand at $ 23 million , up 64 % from $ 14 million in the first quarter of 2014 , and up from $ 20 million or so at the end of 2014 . the strong year - over - year increase across all these kpi reflect the growth that it be see across the company . slide five highlight the strength of it competitive position as a lead equity index provider to the exchange trade fund market . the global equity etf industry be to add $ 2.3 trillion in AUM at the end of the quarter of which a record $ 418 billion be link to MSCI index . net new asset have fly primarily to european , japanese and other non - U.S. develop market equity during 2015 with U.S. equity experience net outflow , reverse the trend that it see at the end of 2014 . and therefore , MSCI have be a major beneficiary of that trend . it rank number one in net new asset in equity etf globally in the quarter , a total of $ 53 billion of net new asset flow into equity etf globally in the quarter , of which a record $ 32 billion or about 60 % go to etf base on MSCI index . as the U.S. dollar soar against other currency in the quarter , currency - hedge etf have see $ 28 billion in net new asset , with nearly half of those asset go to MSCI - link etf . in just three month , global etf asset link to MSCI currency - hedge index have increase by 94 % compare to the fourth quarter of 2014 , go from $ 16 billion to $ 31 billion , largely due to positive flow into MSCI currency - hedge index - link etf from Deutsche X - tracker , UBS , iShares and other . additionally , there be now 68 currency - hedge etf globally link to MSCI index , more than all other index provider combine . therefore , it be poise to continue to benefit from the volatility of currency and the U.S. dollar in the month to come . globally , there be over 700 equity etf base on MSCI index as of the end of Q1 , more than any other index provider . in the first quarter also , three ETF sponsor launch it first MSCI index link exchange credit fund , and therefore continue to expand the relationship that it have with various etf manager . if it turn to slide six , here it provide a bridge of it new record etf AUM link to it index , a record that continue to grow , as it say , since the end of Q1 due to record inflow that it be see . in the top half of the slide , of the total $ 137 billion of cash inflow since 2012 , a net $ 32 billion or 23 % of these inflow be from new fund that be launch in the last two year . this be a direct result of the investment that it have make in launch new index family , which it refer to before to the first quarter , and in marketing to etf manager around the world . in the bottom half of this slide , it have break out for it the three primary bucket of what it call ABF revenue . in addition to the fee that it earn on etf AUM , it also earn fee on it client institutional passive investment product , which amount to $ 11 million in quarterly revenue . it also earn $ 2 million from exchange trade future and option contract that be base on it index . in addition to these volume - base revenue on exchange trade future and option contract , it also generate another meaningful amount of revenue in subscription fee relate to broker dealer , license it product for over - the - counter equity derivative contact . that part of the revenue be in the subscription revenue area . Unverified Participant Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD if it turn to slide 7 , here it showcase it factor index , also know in the industry as smart beta index which be a key driver of it future growth . it have invest considerably in it factor index over the last year or two by bring together it extensive equity index and equity risk model research capability and combine it with it wealth of datum of over 40 year of Barra Factor datum history . this unparalleled expertise be what differentiate it in it factor offer from it competitor . as a result , it have develop one of the lead factor index and factor risk model franchise in the world . asset owner really get the good of both world as show on the left side of the slide . it get the advantage of active management where it have the opportunity to outperform the market over long period of time due to these factor index . and that be combine with the advantage of indexation or index investing where it have transparency and low cost . this have result in a strong growth in factor - relate AUM for it as show in the upper - right chart . active and passive AUM benchmark to MSCI Factor index grow 29 % year - over - year . include in these number be etf AUM , and institutional passive AUM , and AUM relate to client who pay it subscription fee for datum . this latter category be not require to report it AUM to it . so , there be an element of estimation of the AUM these customer have in it asset link to it index . in the low - right chart , it show the 67 % year - over - year growth in the quarterly run rate relate to factor index . it be also leverage it research capability to assist etf provider in launch new factor etf . year - to - date , there have be 11 etf launch that track MSCI Factor index . and of the record $ 32 billion of net new asset go into MSCI - link etf in the first quarter , over $ 4 billion of that or 13 % , flow into etf tracking MSCI Factor index . next on slide 8 , it provide a snapshot of the index subscription product line . as it may remember , this be datum that it sell to active manager for benchmarke purpose of it portfolio . on the left side of the slide , it show the growth progression in the index subscription product line , which have grow steadily over the past few year at around 10 % compound growth rate . this growth have be drive in part by the investment that it have make to innovate and develop new product to sell to it exist customer as well as the investment it have make in distribution and marketing to sell into new segment such as insurance company . for example , one of the area where it have see significant growth in subscription revenue be in it thematic and custom index . and the run rate relate to this product area have grow about 13 % year - over - year . the steady growth of the index subscription product line have be complement by a strong retention that it have achieve with a record 97 % in the first quarter of 2015 , as show on the right - hand side of the slide . all of this be a good indicator of the health of this flagship index subscription product line for it . move to slide nine , it show the strong growth of the ESG product line as well as the benefit that it index product have receive from ESG . as asset owner and asset manager around the world become more and more aware of the potential risk and the potential performance effect of environmental , social and governance factor , it be employ a range of ESG investment strategy and screen that be support by MSCI 's ESG offering . the chart on the upper left side show the growth in run rate relate to ESG index which be record in the index subscription line and not in ESG . this be another example of how it be leverage product capability across MSCI . while it be still in the early stage in develop ESG index as show by this low dollar amount , it be very pleased with the trajectory of growth . ESG index client grow 56 % year - over - year and the run rate be up 50 % to $ 1.3 million . and it expect that to continue as all these ESG factor be take into account more and more in the global investment process . in term of – when it look at the lower - leave part of the slide , the chart there show organic subscription run rate of 22 % in ESG and about 46 % growth include the GMI acquisition . so , this be clearly an area of fast growth for it , and it be very much focused on expand it and invest in it . slide 10 , it highlight the new , reorganize analytic product line . as it announce in the fourth quarter earning call , it have take step to reorganize and streamline the analytic ' product line under the leadership of Peter Zangari , who have work for the past three year to return the portfolio management analytic product to growth . and it be hope that it and it team can help it do the same on the risk management analytic product line . this change be make because as it say in the past , it risk management analytic product line be not where it need to be in term of it level of growth and profitability . this be a product line that it believe strongly have very strong fundamental , have strong growth potential and leverage a lot of the core strength and capability of MSCI , so it can not tolerate low level of growth or profitability at this time . the noncash charge that it take in the quarter be to stop a technology project that , while profitable , be not the right platform to take analytic to the high level of performance . so , it be now move in a new direction with a new technology platform that will serve as the basis for growth for the entire analytic product line and service line . while it be still in the early stage of the reorganization , it be focus on move analytic from a product - centric approach to a more use case focus approach base on client demand . it be focus on what client problem it be solve for , then what service it line up against the client use case . by move to this approach , it will be able to better leverage it core capability to deliver value - add solution . this be what MSCI do best for it client . it believe that it have significant competitive advantage in it analytic product . it offer establish best - of - breed solution , research analytical content that sit at the center of it value proposition , with an incomparable set of asset across index and multi - asset class analytic that – and it have deep experience compute the risk of very large , very complex trading portfolio . when it line this competitive advantage up against the key trend in the market , it feel very good about it positioning . it be see a grow focus by it client of multi - asset class investing , and the tool necessary to understand performance and risk of those multi - asset class portfolio . client be look for flexible and complete analytical tool . it be also look for partnership with it provider in order to develop solution that help it address it need . and lastly , it be look for quantitative tool that be become more and more standard and use widely as evident in some of the growth that it be talk about in factor investing . in short , it believe it have the right capability . the market be very large , and the competitive environment be stable , so there be no reason to tolerate low level of growth or profitability for this product line . it will keep update it on the progress on this area and how it can return it to high level of performance . on slide 11 , it show here a few – four example of client that it have win over the quarter in risk management analytic that it believe reflect the underlie strength of the value proposition . this win speak to the strength of it brand globally . it be also a validation that increase regulation . it be a driver of adoption of multi - asset class risk offering . and overall , it also have a pipeline in it business that be strong with several large deal which slip from the first quarter and have close in the second quarter , and it hope to report that in the next call . with that , let it now pass it on to Bob .  it . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer  it .  , Henry , and  to all of it on the phone . please turn to slide 12 for a brief overview of it financial result . it result this quarter be strong with 10 % revenue growth and adjust EBITDA expense growth of 8 % , drive 11 % growth in adjust EBITDA , and a return to positive operating leverage which be well in advance of it second half 2015 commitment . it adjusted EBITDA margin increase 67 basis point from the prior year quarter to 41 % . it net interest expense for the quarter now fully reflect the quarterly impact of it bond issuance in the fourth quarter 2014 . the high - than - expect tax rate be drive by an increase in operate profit in high tax jurisdiction , but it continue to guide to an expect 35 % to 36 % effective tax rate for the full year 2015 . adjusted EPS be up 9 % to $ 0.50 per share , benefit from a 4 % decline in the weighted average share outstanding year - over - year and strong operating result . the increase in share count compare to the fourth quarter reflect the impact of stock - base employee compensation in the first quarter . before move to the next slide , it want to comment on the impact of FX on it result . as it previously indicate , foreign currency fluctuation have be a headwind for it subscription revenue and run rate . the headwind have be mitigate by a significant portion of it expense base that be denominate in foreign currency . as a result , the net impact of foreign currency fluctuation on it earning be not material in the quarter compare to a year ago . this framework , however , do not reflect the impact of foreign currency fluctuation on the underlie asset hold in aum - link to MCSI index which be the basis for asset - base fee . to a large extent , foreign currency fluctuation be reflect as part of market appreciation or depreciation along with other market factor . now turn to slide 13 , it provide it with a bridge for the year - over - year change in it revenue . total revenue increase $ 23 million or 10 % to $ 263 million . the growth be drive by an increase of $ 18 million or 9 % in subscription revenue and an increase of $ 5 million or 12 % in asset base fee . from a product perspective , the increase in subscription revenue year - over - year be principally drive by the performance product line , which increase $ 13 million or 13 % drive by a strong growth in the equity index benchmark and ESG product - relate revenue . analytic revenue grow $ 5.4 million or 5 % , drive by a 7 % or $ 4.9 million increase in risk management analytic . as Henry make very clear earlier , it be not satisfied with the performance of the RMA product line , but it be not stand still . the action that it be take will take time , but it be confident of a positive outcome . it real estate business have be particularly impact by foreign currency fluctuation . revenue increase 2 % on a reported basis , but adjust for a $ 2 million negative impact from currency fluctuation grow 19 % . real estate revenue in the quarter include the benefit of some early delivery of client portfolio in it service report , which normally would have be deliver in the second quarter . this be improve the efficiency of it platform , have be a focus of it investment which have allow it to deliver client report faster . the $ 5 million increase in asset - base fee revenue to $ 46 million be drive primarily by a $ 62 billion increase in average AUM in etf link to MSCI index to $ 393 billion , as well as high revenue from future and option trading in contract link to MSCI index and revenue from institutional passive aum . in the first quarter 2015 , cash inflow to the etf market be a total of $ 53 billion , of which $ 32 billion or 60 % flow into etf link to MSCI index , reverse the trend it see at the end of the fourth quarter 2014 , as flow then move into the U.S. of the $ 32 billion in inflow for the quarter , $ 13 billion be relate to asset link to currency hedge index with another $ 4 billion of inflow into factor . the reported average basis point fee for etf aum link to MSCI index be 3.38 at the end of the first quarter , down slightly from 3.39 record at the end of the fourth quarter 2014 drive primarily by mix shift . now let it turn to slide 14 where it provide the adjust EBITDA expense trend . the first quarter adjust EBITDA expense rise 8 % to $ 155 million , as it continue to move more towards normalized level of cost growth . the year - over - year increase be drive by a 13 % increase in compensation expense , partially attributable to a 10 % increase in head count , but also the compensation expense include $ 2.9 million of the total $ 3.4 million non - cash charge it take in the quarter to terminate a technology project in analytic . employee in emerge market center increase to 51 % in the first quarter 2015 , up from 47 % in the first quarter 2014 , and in line with 51 % report in the fourth quarter 2014 . the increase in compensation expense be partially offset by a 3 % decline in non - compensation expense , drive by general corporate efficiency effort . of the total $ 9 million growth show on this chart , the $ 5 million be carryover on the 2014 spend . while the first quarter include a non - cash charge of seasonally high payroll tax expense in the come quarter , it expect to see high cost basis on compensation - relate inflationary increase , backfill of position and other corporate cost . for the full year 2015 , give some efficiency that it have achieve on it expense base , it now expect it adjust EBITDA expense to come in solidly in the low half of the previously announce range of $ 620 million to $ 640 million . obviously , FX will continue to have some impact on the report full year , but on a constant currency basis , it remain comfortable with this guidance . turn to slide 15 , it provide the run rate bridge for the quarter . it report run rate increase 8 % , consist of a 6 % increase in the subscription run rate to $ 840 million , an 18 % increase in ABF run rate to $ 191 million . adjust for foreign currency fluctuation , subscription run rate grow 9 % year - over - year . in term of subscription run rate growth , sale in the first quarter of 2015 amount to a total of $ 29.5 million compare to $ 30.4 million in the prior year quarter . performance of recur sale increase 3 % , negatively impact by a 23 % decline in real estate sale . the decline in real estate sale year - over - year be drive by timing and , to a certain extent , FX fluctuation . analytic recur sale decline 9 % drive by a 19 % decline in risk management analytic sale , partially offset by a 37 % increase in portfolio management analytic sale . the first quarter in analytic of 2014 include very strong sale of InvestorForce and RiskManager product for the risk management analytic . and several deal in the first quarter 2015 roll into the second quarter , some of which have already close . cancel amount to a $ 12 million for the quarter , a decrease of 17 % from the prior - year quarter , result in net new recur sale of $ 18 million , an increase of 9 % year - over - year . the low level of cancel drive year - over - year increase in retention across both product for performance and analytic product line , result in aggregate retention of 94.4 % with a record index subscription retention of 97.3 % . FX fluctuation have a $ 25 million roll four quarter negative impact on it subscription run rate . GMI acquire in August 2014 contribute $ 7 million to it run rate build year - over - year . now , turn to ABF run rate . the $ 29 million increase be drive primarily by $ 77 billion period increase in etf aum link to MSCI index on inflow of $ 75 billion that it discuss earlier . strong growth in institutional passive aum , as well as high future and option trade volume in contract base on MSCI index also contribute to a year - over - year increase . just to note , revenue recognition for trading volume be on a one - month lag . a total of 10.1 million future and option contract on MSCI index be trade in the prior quarter , up 23 % year - over - year , and open interest be a total of 1.1 million contract . on March 16 , aggregate volume with MSCI Index - base future list on ICE top 395,000 contract , a record trading day for MSCI - link contract . CBOE also recently launch option trading on it emerge market and ipa index on April 21 . turn to slide 16 , it provide it key balance sheet indicator . it end the quarter with cash and cash equivalent of $ 538 million , which include cash hold outside of the United States of $ 84 million . as a general policy , it prefer to maintain U.S. cash buffer of approximately $ 100 million to $ 125 million for operational purpose . it gross leverage be 1.9 time base on total debt of $ 800 million to it trail 12-month adjust EBITDA within it state guideline of maintain leverage at 1.5 time to 2.5 time . it generate strong operating cash flow of $ 67 million , up from $ 25 million in the prior year which be low due to timing of account receivable collection . it continue to expect that it will generate between $ 275 million and $ 325 million in operate cash flow for 2015 . it spend $ 6.3 million on capital expenditure in the quarter compare to $ 10.1 million in the prior year . the low capex in the first quarter be due to timing and it be reaffirm it fiscal year 2015 capital expense range of $ 55 million to $ 65 million . it board approve the second quarter dividend of $ 0.18 per share , which be payable on May 29 . and lastly , as it know , it be in the market now with it current ASR , and it be committed to return cash to it investor . before it open the line to it question on slide 17 , it want to wrap up the call by provide a summary of key takeaway . in the first quarter , it continue to execute and it deliver solid financial performance . the benefit of it investment be take hold , and it continue to see continue momentum in the come quarter . in it core analytic product area , it have the right team in place , and it be take the right step to drive future growth and it look forward to update it on it progress in the second quarter . and lastly , it remain committed to return excess capital to shareholder . with that , it would like to open the line to it question . question - and - answer session  it . it first question come from the line of George Mihalos with Credit Suisse . it line be open . George Mihalos - Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC ( Broker ) hey , guy ,  for take it question . Henry and Bob , it guy – it do a nice job sort of segment the business go into a lot of detail . it mention several time it be not pleased with where the analytic business be presently . it be just curious , as it think of it subscription run rate business on the index side , which be sort of – call it a low double - digit grower from a run rate perspective . where do it ultimately think with the investment it have make that it can take the analytic business to relative to that growth rate in index ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD yeah , George . first of all , it think it have make tremendous progress in return the equity analytic product to growth . if it see the growth in run rate there exclude the impact of foreign exchange fluctuation , it be in the 7 % or so , 6 % , 7 % growth category . and it continue to feel good because it have launch a lot of new risk model that be sell well , as it mention . the Barra Portfolio Manager analytical application be complete and now really get into stride for sale . and obviously , the negative overhang that it have be the ESG product line that be shrink . and obviously , a large part of that shrinking be go to BPM , and it be try to encourage customer to move there . so , that be a fairly good indicator of continued growth ; all of that be a fairly good indicator of continued growth in the equity analytic line . and it expect that in the come quarter and come couple of year that that equity analytic growth rate and run rate will continue to increase . it have to see how far it go , but it be pretty hopeful that will continue to increase through the high single digit and maybe at some point get to the low teen , right ? so , it think on the risk analytic product line , it be clearly low in run rate growth there when it exclude foreign exchange fluctuation . it think it be about , what , 5 % , Bob , or something like that ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD 5.5-or - so percent growth in the risk analytic product line , exclude foreign exchange fluctuation . and it be hope that give the refocusing on the business , the streamlining of the team that it be go to have a similar progression to what it do with equity analytic . first , get it to the high - single digit and maybe eventually get into the 10 % , 11 % range . but at this point , it be too early to tell when that will happen . those be it expectation . and very importantly , also it be very focused on the cost structure of all of this . it be fairly profitable , but it like it to be even more profitable . so , it be focus on combine function , combine cost , combine technology , combine a lot of thing so that it can expand the margin of this product line . George Mihalos - Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC ( Broker ) okay . it appreciate that color . and then , just a point of clarification , it sound a little bit more encouraged about it sale . some of it may have slip from the first quarter into 2q. Should it be assume that on the RMA side , it be likely to post a sale number in 2q high than the $ 10 million in Q1 ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD hard to tell at this point . it will say that – the comment that it make be that that it have a couple of large deal that just slip by a few day , the end of the quarter and therefore , the carryover into the second quarter . it obviously have to continue to work the pipeline in the second quarter and if everything close in the way it would like it to be there , it would be a good quarter . but it may have again two or three large deal at the end of the second quarter that slip into the third quarter , and so on and so forth . so , it think importantly , the way to think about risk analytic right now be without the action that it be take , it sale be kind of trading in that range . and what it be try to do by the action that it want to take that it be take be to try to break out of that range into a high amount of sale . and it will be able to update it more where it be on that by the next call . but it expectation should be that it be in that sort of narrow range of sale per quarter of the risk analytic and it could be plus or minus , which be fine , but what it be try to do be break out of that range to a much high number . George Mihalos - Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC ( Broker ) okay .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley . it line be open . Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC hi .  for take it question . just to follow - up on risk management analytic , can it just talk about the market environment there ? basically , be the challenge that it be see market - relate as well as just company - specific ? and when customer be not use RiskManager , be it go to competitor or be it not use any product ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD yeah . so , Toni , the large majority of it client , when it do not buy from somebody like it , it be not necessarily go to a competitor . it just mean that the product or the functionality that it be look for do not exist or do not exist in the way it want it , and therefore , it sit and wait , or it try to sort of patch thing together internally in a sub - optimal fashion . so , now it want to continue to move forward the state - of - the - art in multi - asset class risk management and performance management analytic . and that be – because it believe that there be a fairly large feel here to help fulfill a lot of need that people have to take a whole scientifically of it portfolio and understand on a more timely and more scientific basis what be happen with those portfolio , those total ( 44:16 ) portfolio and multi - asset class portfolio . it think the – go back to it first question , it attribute a meaningful part of it – when it look at it globally , a meaningful part of it slow growth to the fact that over the last two year or so , it have be really focused on upgrade the technology platform , include the datum center , make sure that it resilience be high , make sure it be comply with the increase number of demand that people have about datum security and internet security and sort of cyber - attack security . many of the diversified financial company that have asset management subsidiary be really want to see the vendor like it , have airtight procedure in that . so , it have be work on put all of that in place , and therefore , with the limited investment plan on this product line , it have not be as aggressive in build a lot of new functionality , a lot of new product , a lot of new feature and the like of , largely but not totally . it be find it sell just an upgrade of what it have be sell a couple of year ago , and therefore , a meaningful part of the process here be to refocus the investment or the operating expense if it want to call it of the business , streamline it , consolidate and the like , so it can free up some operating expense to put into build more functionality , more capability and all of that which be go to be good to grow . that be what it do obviously on the equity analytic product line . it tighten up a lot of cost . it refocus effort and refocus people and all of that , and it start launch it new model . it upgrade – it finish the upgrade on BPM and the completion of that and bingo , it start sell a lot more . so , it be not very complex . it be not very difficult . it have just get to tackle it and focus on it and get go because it believe that there be demand there . that be not to say that part of the world be challenge . it mean , clearly , a lot of it asset manager in Continental Europe , for example , be go through difficult time because of the economy and the investment market there . and it maybe less expansive in investing , but it have a lot of client in Asia , a lot of client in the Americas and in other part of the world that be wait for it to give it well product and enhance capability . Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC great . and just a quick one on the share of the flow . it think it mention a 60 % share of global inflow this quarter . it think , last quarter the number that it give be like a 40 % ex - U.S. number . be those comparable and also like very big increase ? so , it just want to know any – it thought on the driver behind the increase .  . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer not comparable , Toni . this be Bob . it have significantly reduce inflow . it have positive inflow . recall in the fourth quarter , a significant portion of inflow flow into the U.S. it see it in S&P and it see in the first quarter a lot of it flow out . total flow in the etf be $ 53 billion . it capture $ 32 billion of it which be 60 % . so , it can see some of the tone in there which be interesting , continue inflow into factor , which be $ 4 billion . but the interesting piece be it see currency - hedge etf become popular in the first quarter give all the FX volatility . that be not necessarily a new product for it . that be something that it have in it tool kit and it investor be prepared to use and offer that to it client and it investor . so , not comparable , back to it first question but ... Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD the methodology be comparable . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD yeah . the methodology be comparable . it be just that the – where the money flow be different , right , Bob ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD yeah . so , it think in a nutshell , when – it be strong around the world , develop market , emerge market and the like . so , when it see major flow of asset go to a lot of market around the world , develop , emerge and the like , it benefit significantly . when it see a lot of flow go into the U.S. , it do have a lot of U.S. product . so , it see inflow in those U.S. product . but relative to some of it own competitor and relative to the strength that it have around the world , it do not see as large amount of inflow . and the second part be that it be benefit from factor index , obviously a lot of money go into there , as Bob indicate , and it be benefit from the strong dollar , and people want investment product that be hedge against the dollar , right ? so , that be what be happen , right ? now , look , this can reverse , right ? if it see a huge amount of money flow back to the U.S. at some point , it will continue to get a major , a meaningful share of the flow because this be a category that be grow , but it may not be 60 % , may be low . Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  it . it next question come from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair . it line be open . Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC hey , guy . good afternoon or  . on the non - cash charge , Bob , it be just curious to get some more detail on exactly what the project be that it discontinue and what the new direction be that it be go in . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer sure , Chris . it be focus in on work on bring together it product line in the risk management analytic area , and that have be go on internally . so , the accounting convention that be capitalize internally develop software cost , $ 2.9 million of that be compensation , $ 0.5 million be non - compensation . as Henry point out , it reach to the point where , yes , it could still continue to achieve sale . it be probably well . there be a well way to look at the platform as it combine the analytic , so it make a decision that this be not the high and good use of where it focus it attention , and now it be look at a new platform go forward . so , again , it be an accounting charge , previously defer cost that be relate to an analytic technical project . Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC but what be the difference between the old platform and the new platform ? it hope it can be any more specific there . Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD yeah . let it try that , the challenge that it be face at the company be that it have a few analytic application platform that be – as a result of it own sort of grow and as a result of the acquisition that it make , right . so , if it think about it have the RiskManager platform that come with the RiskMetrics acquisition and that support a large number of use case and significant amount of run rate . and then it have the BarraOne Technology platform that also have a lot of risk multi - asset class risk management capability , some fix income portfolio management capability and some equity portfolio management capability and it have Barra Portfolio Manager platform which have a lot of equity portfolio management capability and be deal on top of the BarraOne platform . so , what it be try to do be in order to satisfy the convergence that client have or need of have a much more integrated content and application that unite the risk management function , the equity portfolio management function and the fix income portfolio management function into one consolidated approach . it have be take – instead of try to rebuild the whole thing which be not a good thing , it have be try to come up with various technology and program to pull it together , as it think about it at the operational level , and then provide a much more integrated approach to the client . so , it go down this path , with this project , with technology that be good and test , but it do not do what it want it to do . so simultaneously with that , it have another approach to look at a different kind of technology that be probably new and more innovative that could do it . and it be go with the second one , and therefore , stop do the first one and discontinue it . and give that the accounting rule indicate that capitalize the time and effort in build that then it write it off . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer the one thing it want to add on that , Chris , be that in between here , it be still go through the research and development phase , so the defer capitalization be not occur because it have not reach that point . so as Henry point out , it be still go through the review process of it . Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD but the goal be still the same , and it be glad it ask this question , Chris , because the goal be still the same which be how do it take the exist operating system so to speak that it have build on the data library , the analytical library , and the computational ability , the datacenter , and the like , and how do it glue it together and put it together with an overarching technology that connect it all , so that it can provide a much better integrate service to it client that unite all these process in an efficient and fast way . and it think this new thing that it be look at that be still in obviously developmental stage be very promising . but again , it will have to report more on that in the future , right . so , there be a little bit of good news and bad news . the bad news be it write it off . the good news be that it find an alternative way that be well , and it hold more promise . and so , it be on that path right now . Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC okay .  for the detail , gentleman . just one more , Bob , on the guidance which it recognize on the adjusted EBITDA expense , it do not change so it be $ 620 million to $ 640 million . how much growth do that imply it guess in dollar on a constant currency basis ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer there be really – the growth would be , as it relate to , if it take the first quarter and analyze it , it be more inflationary - base relate to compensation . it have a little bit high turnover in the first quarter . it will be backfille some of that , and it have get some other charge out there that it see in the future come through . but it would hesitate to call it growth other than normal business as usual , Chris . Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC so , it mean , as it look at it , Bob , it mean , at the midpoint of $ 630 million , it be it believe somewhere in the low $ 40 million range be what the year - over - year increase imply . but FX be maybe help that number by , it would like to call it , $ 15 million to $ 20 million . and then it also have the $ 15 million to $ 20 million that it call out last quarter of investment spend . so , kind of fair ex that investment spend and ex currency , it be in that low-$40 million sort of ballpark at the midpoint constant currency ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer it think the message be that constant currency , it be in the mid – it be look now at the low end of $ 620 million to $ 640 million , probably benchmarke somewhere at the low half on a constant currency . obviously , FX seem to be volatile . look what be happen in this first quarter or the second quarter . sterling have climb back up , euro have climb back up . so , that be why it say , the impact have be on FX give it exposure . yes , it be be there , but that could be a reversal as it proceed through the year , which it focus on the constant currency . and again , a piece of that growth be really , it would call it , growth that be carry over that it mention in the first quarter and that will continue on a year - over - year basis that it have talk about last quarter . Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC  it . it next question come from the line of Joel Jeffrey with Keefe , Bruyette Woods . it line be open . Joel Michael Jeffrey - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. hey .  , guy . Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD Joel Michael Jeffrey - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. so just think about – look like it guy be get more comfortable with it margin growth . just curious , it mean , how quickly do it think it can get margin back up into kind of the mid-40 ( 57:39 ) range , and how dependent be that on the improvement from the analytic business ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer when it look at it forecasting , and as it take a look at it , it feel – it mean , it run rate be give it a very good indication top line and what be happen out there , and it be manage it expense to what it tell it would be a midpoint . and as Henry point out , it be pull for the timing of when it margin expansion would occur year - over - year in the first quarter . so it will continue to see that steadily increase and it will measure it cost go forward as it move forward , progress , and expand the margin over the course of the year . Joel Michael Jeffrey - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. but it guess in term of think about it business line , it guess , be the analytic – yeah , the analytic business enough of a headwind to slow that down or could it just actually grow the margin meaningfully enough through the performance line ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer no . it think – look , it look at this completely . it have have some very strong top - line performer , as Henry have point out . the index subscription which be core continue to show double - digit growth . the aum have be phenomenal on the etf . again , there could be a reversal of fortune out there , but then again , that be a significant piece of it revenue . very promising top line growth on both ESG . and when it currency adjust the real estate , that continue to grow as well . now , remember , that be the currency adjust for real estate . remember , there be exposure on the expense so it get a benefit offset that as well . the PMA business grow significantly , when it think about it from that context , so it really be isolate to the RMA . and as Henry point out , the constant currency run rate be about 5.5 % , so it be not all dependent on RMA . it do have a piece . if it do taper off , that do have some headwind , but that be focus in on the run rate on there . so , it still – look it have not as of the end of the first quarter , it feel confident of continued margin expansion over the course of the year base on it analysis . Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD and it will also add that everything that it say about the well leverage and well profitability of analytic include RMA , be not factor in in all the communication that it have give it about margin expansion in the course of this year , right . so , if that be to happen faster , it will be well . but obviously it be hard to tell at this point , clearly how fast it can turn growth around to a fast level and high profitability so that would be – if it do it and happen this year or next year that would be on top of what it be think in term of margin expansion . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer yeah , Henry 's point , it be proactively manage it cost . it be constantly look for efficiency , it have demonstrate that in the first quarter . it will continue to demonstrate that and make tradeoff go forward for the rest of the year with an eye on profitability . Joel Michael Jeffrey - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. great . and then just on the CapEx side , it know it say there be some timing in it , it be a little bit low , clearly low than the sort of run rate would imply for the full year base on guidance . but just from a cash flow perspective , be there any sort of significant CapEx charge it be expect in the come quarter , or should it just think about it as sort of a $ 16 million per quarter rate through the end of the year ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer it be kind of chunky . it mean , Joel , it would look at it because as Henry talk to , it have get timing relate to certain project ( 61:09 ) so hesitant to make it a straight line . it be try to give it a guidance on where it come in for the full year of $ 55 million to $ 65 million . for the full year obviously , it be a little bit lower in , so anticipated higher in the out quarter for the rest of the year . Joel Michael Jeffrey - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. great .  for take it question . Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer  it . it next question come from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James . it line be open . Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. hi . so , it first question be on smart beta factor index , how do it think that what MSCI offer in that arena be differentiate from it competitor ? be it mostly just a function of it underlying strength , and then it just apply factor index to those etf , or be there something in it methodology , in it mechanism that differentiate it from the other index provider ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD well , it mean , through the equity analytic product line , it have be the leader in factor investing since 1975 . so , when it think about the content that go into the analytic product line , remember , there be a lot of content that then get enable by an application like BPM . so , the content be all about factor invest . it be about what be the factor that give it the source of risk and return in an equity portfolio . so , the entire dna of it equity analytic organization be about understand market factor that be drive risk and return in portfolio . so , when it combine that expertise with the significant expertise that it have in build equity index , it end up with something that no other competitor in the marketplace have right now , which be a major expertise on understanding factor and understand how factor drive portfolio and back - test those portfolio , and so on and so forth . Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. okay , great . and then for it follow - up , it know it be only be a couple of month , but can it characterize the contribution that it have get from it three new board member ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD well , it have have , by now , two board meeting with it . and there be a fairly extensive onboarding process . Wendy Lane , which be one of it new director , be sit here in the room with it . so , welcome , Wendy , to the – to it first quarterly call here . Wendy E. Lane - Independent Director Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD and it have be a significant amount of contribution because it go through a rigorous onboarding process . it be look at the business with fresh eye , and that be always good , include people like it look it for a long time . so , it be good to see people look at it from a fresh perspective . and it be very , very good director that be really eager to contribute to the success of the company . so , there be be a lot of discussion and debate about all of that . and importantly , because it be – in the next few month , it have it usual annual strategy discussion with the board in the summer , and it be very engaged in do that with it and help it sort of think through all the opportunity that it have ahead of it . Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. great .  it .  it . it next question come from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research . it line be open . Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC  , guy , it appreciate the opportunity to ask question . look at it employee count sequentially , it actually go down , it think , by 37 employee . be this intentional decrease in the head count , or be this a factor of hiring and firing that go on in traditional day - to - day work ? Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD well , remember , investment for it be largely , largely people , right ? so when it say that it invest as much as it want to by now , now be more of a consolidation of that investment plan and ( 65:12 ) a lot of return out of that investment plan , and therefore , come back to more normalized level of investment in the company and expense growth in the company . it be likely to see that taper of the growth of head count . so since it have expand quite a lot in the last 18 month , there be a meaningful deceleration in growth in the first quarter . it be not clear that that be what be go to continue for the next few quarter because it be one of those thing in which it feel it have enough and it take a pause , but that be the rationale for it . but it will not read too much into it on the quarter - to - quarter change at this point , and it be not really manage to it head count , it be manage to an expense base , right ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer the first quarter 's always get a high turnover . Henry A. Fernandez - Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer & MD Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC yeah , get it . okay . then for it follow - up if it may , yeah , the non - comp expense also come down , and it think it guy cite increase discipline . be there any one - time item in there that perhaps would say that it should not expect the same level of discipline for the rest of the year ? Robert Qutub - Chief Financial Officer the only item – it mean , be obviously be go to be seasonality some of it . it mean , it can look at the non - cash charge of $ 500,000 that it refer to in it comment . if it recall , $ 3.4 million non - cash , $ 2.9 million of it be relate to compensation . the other half be reverse in non - compensation . there be go to be some other seasonal charge in there . obviously , CapEx be low . it can correlate some of the non - compensation cost to CapEx as it get equipment up and run and get license . so , there 'd be some correlation there . but it be really effectively manage the cost on a discretionary basis as tight as it can – as well as it can with good corporate governance . 