this be maybe an inflection point quarter in term of the domestic streaming sub add . it come in materially ahead of it guidance . it be actually up a little bit year - over - year , which be a bit of a surprise . in the press release it talk about both get more sub in and retain it better , maybe than it have expect . Could it provide a little bit more color ? and be this something that it think be happen across the industry , the great focus on stream offering be just help the leader in the market ? or be there something specific that it be do on both of those end , the gross sub add and the churn ? it have continue the focus on the same thing over the last couple of year , improve the content , improve the streaming , improve the user interface . and it have see the reward of that in continue growth . it think this quarter in particular , it have some amazing original content with Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , with House of Cards , with Bloodline . and so all of that compound to really push it forward and certainly what it be see be all of internet tv growing . the attention of the new launch of the competitor be only create a big ecosystem , draw more and more people into thinking , hey it have get a check that out and try this internet tv thing . and Reed , for some time it have talk about a long - term goal of 60 to 90 million sub . at this pace , sooner or later the financial market may actually agree with it . any update thinking on where it could fall in that range and when it could get to that ? well , it would say it agree with it already . it mean at a $ 25 billion to $ 30 billion market cap , there be a lot of growth press into it , it think it would agree . and so yes , 60 to 90 million feel great for it . it be continue to grow . that be the 60 to 90 million in the U.S. market . of course , the really big upside beyond that be in international . for most global internet firm , the U.S. be 20 % to 35 % of usage and revenue . it be not anywhere close to that yet , but it be continue to invest in international . Michael Nathanson reed in the past quarter , it have see new entrant like HBO NOW and Sony Vue come out with pricing , it look pretty expensive relative to Netflix . it wonder , do it think it have a pricing umbrella , give where it have launch it product relative to where it guy have price today ? well , no . it think HBO at $ 15 be a great value . it mean it have traditionally pay more than $ 15 for it cable company for it . so it think it be do great work with it premium content . it do create obvious underline of just how great the value be of Netflix with price range from $ 7.99 to $ 11.99 . but it be really comfortable with that strategy . it be continue to grow with this strategy and it be an incredible value . but it think it it should really think about it be all the internet service HBO now , Netflix and Hulu be great value in comparison to the big bundle . Michael Nathanson okay . and David for the current quarter , it talk about the trend on churn . it know it guy do not give out churn number , but what be the impact of original content on churn this year versus a year ago ? well , as Reed say , just pick up on those comment , it really do see the improvement in the service , both on the content , the interface , the payment across the globe really move together . so it see that with acquisition and churn improve , but it do see improve churn . so it be say that it see improve retention through the quarter and that contribute to that net add performance and growth that it see in Q1 . great . and David , if it could stick on the U.S. business , last quarter it talk about 30%-ish margin , 90 day later it be already materially above that and it be tell people to expect it business to be above that . so just , it know there be some stuff in the press release on it , but any more color on why there be such a pretty material shift in the margin and to what extent should it just be concern that it be just push content cost in international market , so really there be not an improvement in the leverage here in the U.S. business ? well , it be both , Mark . so there be absolutely an improvement drive by the growth . it be grow revenue faster than it be grow it expense . but in term of the outperformance relative to it target of where it would want to be in term of U.S. margin growth , it be a couple of the thing that it have talk about in the letter . one of it be , it be shift marketing from the U.S. to international . it think it can grow a little bit faster on international . it be more efficient to do that . and the second thing be a little bit of just the mechanic of how it allocate content cost by geography . so by grow faster internationally and put that allocation more towards international , it be go to provide some relief to those global original in the global project that it do have that be allocate to the U.S. and it intend to continue to invest in that . that be also why it put in the letter that it target remain the same , 40 % in 2020 . so it want to continue to balance the growth of profit with the growth and the competitiveness of it service . it want to reinvest in the service prudently along the way . so let it ask a two part follow - on question to that , one for David and one for Ted . David , come back , marketing spend in the U.S. in an increasingly competitive market , some level that feel a little extra risky than it should be do . so can it just talk through why it be so confident it do not need , it can cut back on those marketing dollar in the U.S. beyond just one quarter of well - than - expect result ? and then Ted , last quarter in the letter , there be this bolde section , therefore it catch it eye , about content spend be more efficient with original content than with licensed content . do it feel like it have really reach a point that that be what it be see in the business model today that it be continue to see more leverage just with that original content purchase ? yes . it will take the last question first there . what it be see be the dollar invest in it original programming be more efficient , in that for every dollar spend , it get more bang for the buck in term of hour view . and hour view lead to high retention , more word - of - mouth and more brand halo . so that why it say that it turn out to be not just an important strategic investment but also an efficient one . and Mark , on it first question about it relative comfort with move dollar out of the U.S. and in to international , which be one quarter . it would say it have have multiple quarter of strong growth . marketing dollar have be up , it have be down . it do not think there be a direct connection within one quarter in term of the level of marketing spend and the level of growth that it see . it have migrate over the last two to three year to be more content forward in it marketing , more digital in it marketing . it be get smart and more efficient about how it put those dollar to use . and so right now it think there be a great opportunity with international and that be what it be do , it be move to international spending . Michael Nathanson Ted , in the past six month , it have see Viacom and Turner write down the value of acquire syndicate content . truly the value of the content be not worth what it be pay . Can it talk a bit about it own usage trend on acquire content ? and whether or not it think the long - term trend for what it be acquire will be decline on a per hour basis ? look , as it continue to grow , the thing that be most encouraging be that the content it be license around the world have get equal and sometimes even disproportionate value to it outside of the U.S. so what it be see real global value from licensing show in multiple territory . and as it be continue to grow domestically , it be see those view hour on licensed content , even older license content as it see with Friends last quarter where the viewing continue to grow . so it be still see a lot of value from that programming , both it original and it licensed programming from all those source . Michael Nathanson and it expect the price pay go forward will be trend up or down for the acquire ? it be tough to say . mostly it be a reflection of how many buyer be in the market . so it have get a few other people into the market , there be some value in have a large footprint and be able to bring more value to the franchise , what for be on Netflix that it get to realize in it negotiation . but it think most of those price , up and down , be drive by the number of competitive buyer in the marketplace . Michael Nathanson okay . then let it ask one more for David . it mention before on the content spend shift between U.S. and international . Can it remind it again how it amortize content between domestic and international market ? how do it decide what the allocation rate be between the two geography ? sure , Michael . in term of how it amortize be straight line for original , there be accelerate . how it allocate across country or territory between the operate segment of domestic and international be base on the relative value of that content . so it use the PwC medium survey to help validate what that content would be worth in that market . and there be plus and minus to various type of allocation . it have look at many type . so it think that be the most accurate in term of ascribe the relative value of content within each market . and David Wells , if it have a global content , where do the allocation for Poland show up today ? today , the allocation for Poland be go to be spread across because it have not yet launch that market . so what be little bit new for it be it now have clear line of sight that it be launch the rest of the world , which be new relative to the last six to nine month . so it shift a bit and it be see part of that Poland , if it sign a global right for Poland , distribute across it current territory . a year ago it would have see it , if it be go to be launch in the next year park that on the balance sheet and then start amortize it once it launch Poland . and if it prospectively sign up for a Poland right and it just do not have line of sight to the next year whether it be go to launch the territory , that would be spread across the exist territory that it be in , which be what it would do today . if it back it up a few year , it would have sell off Poland , not know what to do with it and look for it later . okay . if it can get back to Reed on a question it come up really about pricing and maybe tear power . so Reed , it late thinking , give the momentum in the business and the ability to raise fee or raise ARPU over time and particularly via tear either be it service and number of line or content , it late thought on it pricing and tearing power today ? well , Mark , it be super happy right where it be . it have get a great mix of pricing plan and option and for those who get a new 4 k television and it be excited about 4 k content , it be the lead service in the world for 4 k and that plan be a little more expensive at $ 11.99 . so as more 4 k tv be sell , it will get people to upgrade to the $ 11.99 plan . in term of the total pricing structure , it could not be happy with the way it create an incredible value for the consumer . it feel fair to it and it be propel it growth . okay . now let it pivot over to the international market . so it also have sub upside in the U.S. , it have sub upside internationally . Could it talk about where that come from ? what be not mention in the letter be Germany and France , those be obviously major market . maybe it be grow in line or little less than it think ? what be mention be Australia , New Zealand . so any particular color there on which country be perform in line , well and bad than expectation ? sure . that be somewhat of a recency bias . it launch France and Germany six or eight month ago and it talk about it in the immediate aftermath also that it be successful launch . now it have add Australia , New Zealand . and all of these market , the internet and internet television be catch on and it be lead relative to competitor and it have get competitor all around the world . in each market , there be a series of competitor . so it be feel very bullish on the long - term in all of these market . it have see when it enter in Latin America three or four year ago that it take it a year or two to build the brand and get awareness . but think of it as every country in the world be and consumer in every country in the world want the benefit of internet television choice and selection and price . so absent severe piracy that may be in some of the new country , it think it be go to see large commercial success . and Mark , this be David . there be no one particular market that drive that . so there be multiple market that drive that outperformance relative to what it think to it forecast . Michael Nathanson and in Reed 's tweet a couple day ago , it mention 10 billion hour consume in the quarter . Could it it give a sense of consumption rate domestically and internationally ? be there any international market that jump out to be above normal consumer ? there be variation between country . some country be amazing . and U.S. be one of it . but it be not the big . so for competitive reason , it be not go to give it precise color . but there be variation . and what be great about the viewing be if it look two year ago in this call , it say it be 4 billion hour in the Q1 and over those two year , it have go from 4 billion to 10 billion hour of viewing . and so it can see along with it membership growth , it be also have engagement growth , which give all the new competitor , improve television , be really impressive that Netflix be grow not only the sub but engagement also . Michael Nathanson okay . and then Ted , it recently mention that in China , it sound like it have a go alone strategy . so what be it timing on China 's launch and how do that strategy impact it actual launch in China ? well , Michael , a bit of that press be lose in translation a bit . it be explain to the questioner why it have not take up partner in the past . but it be not a reflection of whether it want to or what it be willing to do in China . it be anxious and open to all form of do business in China . so the press be a little bit out of context there . okay . David last quarter in it script press release , it bolde one of those thing be the expansion to all global market by the end of 2016 . be there an update on that give what be happen in the half of the year ? be it accelerate that timeline ? there be no update other than the expectation for it to launch in 2016 be as an acceleration of it earlier state objective . so no further update . and then for the June quarter , it talk about an increase in the operating loss to $ 101 million . it have get big launch in the back half of the year . help it think about when the peak operate loss quarter be in international and what the size of that be ? Could that be , if it be $ 100 million in the June quarter , what be the bad - case scenario ? be it willing to run it to $ 200 million loss in anyone quarter ? well , it do not provide specific guidance four or five quarter out for it operating loss . but it have say that it be committed to run the business at global breakeven and it have ambitious plan to launch international . so this quarter , what it have it see it guide with the full sort of Australia , New Zealand , it see it guide with additional investment in marketing and some content . it will have some big launch and it describe as a meaningful and significant in the back half of this year . so it should expect those loss to trend upward and into 2016 and then to improve from there . Michael Nathanson recently Reed , it change it term and condition to alert people who use vpn that it can be shut down from usage . it have hear a lot from it client who be outside the U.S. as it do use vpn to watch U.S. content . why do it change the term and condition ? and for Ted , be studio ask it about VPN usage ? be that part of the reason ? so with VPN usage , that be where someone , to bring up Poland again where it be not yet operate , have the money to pay for content it want to access content , it want to pay for that content . Netflix be not yet in Poland . and so it will use the VPN to come to the U.S. virtually over the internet , pay for content . so it be certainly less bad than piracy , it be not something it encourage . it be actually very hard to detect because VPN get every good at cover it track for all the obvious reason . and because it be focus on get global very quickly , it think it will see this issue disappear and it will disappear because it will be able to meet the demand directly in all the country . Ted , anything on the studio as it partner ? yes . it be one of the many thing that it have discussion with the studio about an ongoing basis and it do continue to work with it and work with these VPN . but to be honest with it , it be kind of a whack - a - mole to get ahead of the different usage of vpn become kind a lifestyle thing for a very small segment of the population . the real great news be , in the piracy capital of the world Netflix be win . it be push down piracy in those market by get the access . so the good way to really make the VPN issue a completely nonissue be through global licensing that it be continue to pursue with it partner . and Mark , to add to Ted , the only comment that it would add to Reed 's early pricing comment be , piracy be a governor in term of it price in high piracy market outside the U.S. so it would not want to come out with a high price because there be a lot of piracy . so it have to compete with that . so there be a little bit a governor on it price outside the U.S. Michael Nathanson okay . and David , one question it get a lot of , that it content obligation it grow in this quarter . Can it talk a bit about it comfort of meet those obligation ? and when do it think it see a peak of it obligation on the balance sheet ? well , so it be comfortable with the level of content commitment it have . and there be a couple of reason that it be comfortable with that , one be that the content be work . so it see engagement , it see value for the content . so it make it more comfortable and confident that it be invest in something that have last value . two be that it really be scale along with the business . so it have grow from $ 9.5 billion in stream content commitment in the table to $ 9.8 billion . that be about a 31 % year - over - year growth rate and it streaming revenue have grow at 31 % year - over - year as well . so that make it a little bit more comfortable . now that include what it know in term of license commitment . it do not include thing like Disney output . so let it take that as an example . that be for future film output at a future box office . so it be unable to know the licensing amount on those film , but it do have to factor that into it forecast as it have from the very beginning . so if it look ahead and it factor that in , it think it be an additional $ 3 billion to $ 5 billion of content commitment over the next three year and that be already bake into it forecast and it have be do this from the very beginning . so it have get a little bit better at make sure that it waterfall deal , it have the flexibility it need to balance those commitment and that expense level over time . Michael , if it could interrupt for a second , it would also add that it should look at that as a signal of future access to content , because as it identify the high value content , it seek to lock it up in long - term deal . so that do increase it long - term obligation , but for thing that it want and to attract revenue and viewing . Ted , could it stick on that topic on the content and especially the Disney output that be come onboard next year , just to remind it of some of the detail on that ? and when it think about the white space of Netflix , the content area that it would really like to most fill out , how important be Disney as part of those white space ? it Disney partnership be phenomenal . it have the output deal come up that it just last week it launch it Defenders series for Marvel , with it first series Daredevil , it be be a huge success . Disney be the licensing partner with it around the planet . and it be really excited about the output deal come on . it be probably one of the few output deal that it be enthusiastic about because the Disney content be global . it be tentpole . it be family . it be a lot of co - view among family for the content that get watch . and it be a great brand to bring comfort to family who subscribe to Netflix . so it be a bit of a play between movie and kid program that it think be successful for it . the white space it refer to be , with all the excitement about the golden age of television and all the excitement about it own series , about a third of the view hour on Netflix today be still movie . so when it see something like it do early in the year with the Interview , it be able to close that window to 30 day , it have a phenomenal reaction in the U.S. and Canada for that movie . it want to keep push on behalf of consumer to get those window narrower and narrow , include premiere original movie on Netflix which be why it be do that to fill some of that white space . a two - part follow - on on that . be there direct output from that Interview deal whereby it can actually do this much more often in the future ? and then Reed , can it swing it back to it afterwards and ask it about product and major product pipeline in the next 24 month . it know it mention in the letter the enhancement of bring video playback forward into the browse experience . it be not sure it actually understand what that mean . Could it explain it ? and then help it think about how material that can be to the user experience ? it would say it should look at the Interview as a beautiful one - off . it say beautiful because bypass the theater and premiere on - demand , Sony manage to raise about $ 45 million in revenue from between a modest theatrical and primarily from digital on - demand and then a very strong fee for Netflix for the it license 30 day follow that , what could have be a financial disaster and turn it into a financial win for the studio . so if anything it want to look at that and say , well , it be a beautiful possibility for future disruption in release pattern . and as Ted say Mark , it be really sorry on the circumstance for Sony in the case of the Interview . it certainly would not want to see more of that . but it be focused with it original new movie try to push those window up so early . then it ask about the product enhancement . it be do so much . it try to sample a little bit in the earning letter . the particular improvement that it be talk about there write today when it browse for movie , it be a bunch of still and then it say play , it wait a couple of second and then it play the content . and what it be learn be how to use real - time video as it browse so that thing be auto start make that easy on the display page , on the detail page . so it think it will be really impressed . but think of it as symbolic of a whole long series of hundred improvement per quarter that it be always work on in accumulation continue to make it experience better which push up the satisfaction , which help retention to grow . Michael Nathanson Ted and Reed , when it first start build it streaming product , Ted would be in Beverly Hills give people check for content and all it content company would say , this be incremental to the pie . it be happy that Netflix be a buyer . in the past nine month , it have see rating for cable and broadcast tumble to level that it never think be possible . so it wonder , do it worry that as it industry traditional medium worry about rating trend , it become less likely to sell it content and therefore it become hard to source really good second or original content ? so it wonder how it feel about that ? it be not see any actual evidence at the table in term of that there be any reluctance to continue to sell . it be definitely try to juggle the term of it core business versus the license business , but that be true not just of it , but it be also seat these opportunity for it where it see the network launch it own on - demand service . so it think it really be try to find the right balance . and that generally it think it be still very healthy for the business in term of both in term of it licensing dollar and in term of the audience generation that it be able to build for the show on broadcast . and it be very encouraging that even with all of the disarray to it speak about , that Fox can have a phenomenal cultural hit like Empire in the middle of all that . so it do think that there be obviously plenty of concern about the old way of do business , but there be lot of action go into how do it do it go forward as well . and it know , Michael , it be pretty naturally it have get to linear tv have be an amazing fifty - year run , internet tv be start to grow . clearly over the next 20 year internet tv be go to replace linear tv . and so it think everyone be scramble to figure out how do it do great app , how do it thing like noggin be fantastic and that will just keep get build up and so it be a transition into figure out the internet . and the way people do that be to get involve with it , with it competitor to try to start to learn what be the new pattern and modality because internet tv be the way that people will consume video in the future . Michael Nathanson okay . and David , can it just talk a bit about it cash spend versus it p&l spend ? it think this quarter be a 30 % high cash spend than p&l. be that the right way to think about this year and even next year as well ? yes . Michael , it have be pretty consistently tell people that prior to the buildout of original , it be 20 % over the expense . now it be drift up to 30 % . it could drift up to 40 % and peak around there in certain quarter , especially if it take delivery of a lot of original product . but in general , it be build out it content investment , it original content investment and that be cash intensive as it put in the letter and it have be pretty consistent about this . it think what it be go to see now be several persistent quarter and go forward of negative free cash flow while it build this out . on that , David , it do this $ 1.5 billion debt offering in March quarter . Should the expectation on the market 's part be that it will not need to come back to the market for the next year - and - a - half ? or do it want to have the flexibility to , if international launch really do even better than it think , to come back for even more ? well , if it be successful in build out the content and if it want to get to ever - increase mix of original content , mean that up to 50 % of it business be really it own own content , then it be go to continue to invest in that content and that will require more and more cash . so it do not think it be say no , that it be good now for the future . it do not think it be say it be definite . but likely it will need , if it be successful to go back to the market at some point to continue to build that investment . and it want to ask a net neutrality regulatory question to Reed . this actually come from Rich Greenfield . with the FCC lay out this clear oversight of interconnection in that newly file net neutrality order , do it think if that have be around before , that Netflix would have have to pay for the interconnection ? if those rule have be in place , would it have have to pay for interconnection as it have be for whatever the last year or so ? it be awfully hard to tell go forward as it think about interconnection . it be a new climate with the FCC Title II in place and it will try to figure that out . it have a number of contract that be in place already . so there be no immediate action . but it be very encourage by the general consumer perspective and political perspective that broadband access be so important that it be a utility . it be like power distribution where it be a natural monopoly in the last mile . there should be one fiber or one cable go to a home with super high speed and that be the architecture of the future . so everything around it be a utility be great for internet company like it and it be great for consumer . Michael Nathanson reed and Ted , in the past couple of week it have see the NFL of all people explore internet tv when it be announce it be go to stream the game over the internet . it have ask it in the past , but give the change in the model , do it think it can add sport as a category to Netflix at this point ? Michael , it think the part of it core consumer proposition be on - demand . it make view certain kind of content better because it be on - demand . it do not know that on - demand sport be remarkably well than live sport . so that be why it have not be that excited about why it have not chase it . there be economic reason as well . but it think in general that sport be great for live television . and the great thing , Michael , about the emergence of sport online , be it free people up to be more à la carte which give it more money to be able to spend on Netflix . so if it can anchor the entertainment side for movie and tv show for every consumer and somebody else or other set of league anchor the sport part , which be still over the internet , then the internet tv proposition be even more powerful for consumer . Michael Nathanson okay . over the past year , it have ask it about the Comcast - Time Warner Cable merger . it say , it would love to see deal condition put on that in order to protect the internet . it have go above and beyond with the FCC Title II support . but one of the question it have at it firm be price regulation Title II . so where do it come down on the FCC 's ability to regulate pricing ? be that a good or a bad thing for the development of internet tv ? it will have to say , it be very clear that broadband be a necessary utility across the land . it do not think anyone be a fan of price control . so it main goal at this point be to get the government to block the Comcast - Time Warner merger . it think , be that merger to come together and as DSL fade , that company combine would have over 50 % of U.S. residential internet home . and frankly that be just too much in one company . it want to ask a question on marketing to either David or Reed . it talk about maybe shift more of it marketing budget online . any more color beyond that ? there be a lot of different place and way to spend money online include via Facebook , et cetera . so any more color on that ? and then why the switch to online ? be there something that be make the offline marketing channel less efficient for it ? well , it depend on the market , Mark . so in place where it brand be really well - know , it have note that it be much more efficient be very target with that and be very specific around content marketing . outside the U.S. in market where it be build a brand , it should see a mixture of that . so it should see some offline and some online in term of it spend . but every year it get more efficient and more knowledgeable about where that money be best spend . so it be an experimental company . it know that . it follow it . so it should see it continue to test around the edge of where thing be better spend . okay . and then a question on the actual end usage of Netflix , so maybe a broad question for Reed . when it think about the different use case in the living room tv , on the go with mobile device , et cetera , have it see over the last two or three year a dramatic shift in how people be consume Netflix content ? and particularly as it go into international market , which may be more mobile - orient , particularly in Asia , be it set up the way that it want to be set up on device in the format to work that mobile trend ? it be feel really good about it preparation for continue to expand around the world over the next two year in term of device , in term of network , in term of content . so yes , it have fight through a lot and study the pattern of consumption and it be ready to at least begin that journey by launch around the world . and then what it will be able to do be learn from there , frankly as it do in Latin America three or four year ago . Michael Nathanson reed , follow on that question , have there be a handoff on tablet versus smart tv ? a couple of year ago it keep think smart tv will be the device that drive internet tv , but have it see a difference on consumption by tablet versus smart tv , the past couple of year ? now it have see smart tv just continue to grow and grow in usage and sale . virtually every new tv sell now be a smart tv , at least at the middle and high - end and it be natural for people to use . now , do it also watch on tablet ? yes and on phone . so really all those category be experience absolute hour growth , but on a percentage basis , smart tv be one of it fastest - grow category . Michael Nathanson okay . and David , it call out the impact of foreign exchange in the first quarter . Could it give it a sense as to what the year be go to be on foreign - exchange ? and then when do it expect to break out revenue by region so it can get more detail on the regional and international ? well , if it know what be go to happen with foreign - exchange , it would probably quit and then run a hedge fund . Michael Nathanson no , but what about for today . as of today ? okay . it would say , in Q1 , most of that below the operate income foreign translation loss be unrealized , right . so it do have a change in it functional currency for it european entity . so when it first launch into Europe , it be very U.K. centric . so most of it operating cash flow be in British Pounds , which lead it to an accounting decision to a functional currency account . since it have expand in Europe and particularly into mainland Europe with more and more of it operate cash flow switch to the Euros , it switch it over . so there be some impact of that in that translation adjustment . go forward , it really do depend on what happen in term of the Dollar strengthen further into the Euro . it be about 25 % in term of revenue expose to foreign currency and that be grow . if it be successful , that will grow to 50 % , but it also be pretty transparent that it do not hedge . and so it be not really concerned with those accounting translation adjustment . it be pretty transparent to it as an investor that it do not hedge . it have the option to go out and hedge if it feel like it be expose with it Netflix investment and it be watch in term of it opportunity for natural hedging , but with the move to a global license , it may see more and more of those be dollar - denominate . so it will have to update it along the way in term of it foreign currency exposure . and why do not it hit it with one more question each guy and then it will wrap up . okay . let it , David , just check off real quickly , ARPU in both international and in the U.S. market , in international market assume currency stay where it be , do ARPU stabilize where it guide to implicitly in Q2 and where it come out in Q1 and then start move back up as price increase go into effect ? or should it just straight line it ? and then in the U.S. , ARPU have be rise . be any of that cause by tiering of service ? be it get a lot more people sign up for the $ 11.99 plan ? or be that just the impact of the price increase ? it be both , Mark . so just to answer it question , on both domestic and international it be see ARPU progression because of people take the high tier and the high value plan and it be also see the expiration of people sort of come off , grandfather rejoin or join the service new at the high price point . and obviously , it have a lot more subscriber in the U.S. so it be see that ARPU increase disproportionately rise internationally versus the U.S. just because it be build from a base of much few grandfathered subscriber outside the U.S. so it see both . but it very first question be , should it see that progress ? yes , but it have a large body of U.S. subscriber that come off grandfather next year . so it can waterfall it churn model and it would expect that the U.S. have a much large base of folk at the old price point . Michael Nathanson reed , over the past 10 year , it guy have a pivot perfectly from sell dvd , to stream , to make old content , to go overseas . so it wonder when it look at it business plan , what give it worry ? when it look at the challenge ahead , what be the thing that worry it ? well , it be nice to say it pivot perfectly , but it think it be forget about certain incident four year ago . but it have succeed in get through it and the key thing be that the company be very agile . it be just a learn machine . when it think about how Ted have grow it original content muscle be just so impressive . how be continue to expand to international , it be just like be learn country by country . it do not get everything right upfront , but it fix that . so it think the fundamental be , it be just open - minded , curious , it be learn and then frankly it be that internet tv be grow around the world at incredible rate . and so be really propel by that big macro trend . and to wrap up here , Ted 's produce so much content . it though Ted , maybe it could share a little bit of this quarter 's highlight like Chef 's Table , Sense8 and Orange be the New Black and just the amazing thing that Netflix be debut . well , it definitely get a sense of the diversity of the programming that it be go to be offer up , just if it look at just what be come up next quarter with it first original documentary series call Chef 's table from the director of Jiro Dreams of Sushi . it have get a third season of Orange be the New Black which be a global sensation that will break in June , of it comedy with Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda call Grace and Frankie that it be really excited to show to the world . Sense8 , it think will show everybody what global tv series can really be like , film on location in nine city around the world , spectacular scale and scope of a theatrical film , direct and create by Wachowski sibling and even original series for kid with how to train it Dragon 2 . so it be super excited about both the volume and the quality and the diversity of everything it be do in it original programming next quarter . 