first quarter report net sale be $ 1.26 billion , a 4.1 % increase versus last year . core sale , which exclude acquisition , foreign currency and the plan disposal of it Rubbermaid medical cart business increase 4.7 % . the net impact of acquisition and plan divestiture contribute 490 basis point to report net sale . foreign currency have a negative impact of 550 basis point . the strong core sale performance be lead by Writing , Commercial Products and Tools , it Win big business aid by improvement in Baby and Home Solutions . report gross margin be 38.6 % , with normalized gross margin at 38.8 % , up 50 basis point over last year . this improvement be drive by productivity , low input cost , pricing and favorable business mix , which more than offset unfavorable currency and the negative mix impact from the gross margin structure of it recent acquisition . Normalized SG&A expense be $ 337.9 million or 26.7 % of sale , down 50 basis point versus prior year . it 110 basis point reduction of overhead fuel a 50 basis point increase in advertising and promotion with the balance of the overhead saving flow the offset fx headwind . it invest incremental A&P across all five segment with the large year - over - year increase in Baby , Writing and Commercial Products . in Baby , it support advertising campaign for it Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat . it Writing segment benefit from advertising for Sharpie Clearview Highlighters and investment in e - commerce and incremental in - store merchandising activity . in the Rubbermaid Commercial , it run numerous concurrent campaign in North America , China and Brazil , to support BRUTE Containers , HYGEN Microfiber Cleaning , WaveBreak Mop Buckets and it new Maximizer Mops . normalized operate margin be 12.1 % , up 90 basis point , reflect the benefit of project renewal and other cost - saving initiative , partially offset by an increase in strategic investment and significant FX headwind . report operate margin be 7.8 % compare with 8.6 % in the prior year . interest expense of $ 19.2 million increase $ 4.8 million year - over - year reflect the impact of it late 2014 debt refinancing and high overall borrowing relate to it acquisition in the back half of last year . it normalized tax rate be 27.2 % compare with 18.3 % a year ago due to the absence of prior year discrete benefit . it still expect it full year normalize 2015 tax rate to be around 24 % . Normalized EPS which exclude restructuring and other project cost be $ 0.36 , a 5.9 % increase to last year despite about $ 0.08 of FX headwind . and on a reported basis , first quarter EPS be $ 0.20 compare with $ 0.19 last year . it will now move on to it segment result , start with Writing . report first quarter net sale decline 1.8 % to $ 341.8 million . core sale increase 9 % with continued high single - digit growth in North America . it be drive strong pos in the U.S.  to the combined impact of increase A&P and more robust merchandising effort . and it writing business in emerge market be perform well with pricing and strong sellout , fuel good Latin America result and a healthy start to the year for fine writing in Asia . Q1 normalize operate margin in the Writing segment be 24.3 % , a 240 basis point increase over the prior year due to strong productivity , pricing , favorable mix and cost management which more than offset foreign currency impact and increase advertising and promotion spend . net sale in it Home Solutions segment grow 15.2 % to $ 364.5 million with acquisition contribute $ 48.4 million . core sale increase 90 basis point due to solid result at it Decor business and growth in Rubbermaid Food Storage , which more than offset it continued exit of portion of the low - margin Consumer storage business and a comparison against last year 's Calphalon pipeline fill at a major new customer . it continue to see strong growth in Rubbermaid Food Storage fuel by increase advertising and promotion . Home Solutions normalize operate margin be 10.6 % , up 210 basis point , reflect the accretive impact of acquisition and low input cost . it tool segment deliver net sale of $ 180.4 million , a 3.9 % decrease , all of which and then some be drive by FX . core sale grow 3.2 % . tool deliver another good quarter in Latin America , reflect the continue success of it irwin offering in Brazil . it Lenox Industrial Tools business also grow nicely in North America and in EMEA  to distribution gain and price offset softening in the market in APAC . normalize operate margin in the Tools segment be 12.3 % , a 90 basis point improvement versus last year . this increase be drive by discipline overhead cost management , partially offset by increase advertising and promotion and negative FX . report net sale in it Commercial Products segment increase 1.4 % to $ 185.2 million . core sale increase 9 % drive by pricing and strong volume growth in North America due to increase marketing support as well as strategic investment and expand distribution in Asia Pacific . Commercial Products normalize operate margin be 9.5 % , 190 basis point increase to last year due to pricing , productivity and input cost benefit , partially offset by high advertising and promotion spend and negative FX . it baby segment report $ 192.1 million in net sale , a 7.1 % increase compare to last year . the Baby Jogger acquisition contribute $ 18.2 million in net sale during the quarter . core sale grow 80 basis point though Graco North America grow high single digit as it see very good pos growth , fuel by new innovative product and increase advertising and promotion . partially offset this growth be a decline in EMEA , drive largely by macro related challenge in Russia and continue softness in the balance of Europe and exit . it baby business in Asia Pacific be essentially flat , which be a great step forward compare to last year . Baby ’s normalized operating margin be 6.4 % , down 270 basis point from last year , largely due to increase advertising and promotion spend to reignite growth , price action on the value end of it product line and key retailer to defend it core and negative FX . look at Q1 core sale by geography , North America core sale grow 5 % with strong result from writing , baby and Commercial Products , with all five segment contribute to growth . in EMEA , core sale decline 5.2 % , due largely to weakness in russian baby . however , it normalized operating margin in EMEA continue to significantly improve exceed last quarter 's all - time high , as a result of it extensive transformation initiative in the region . in Latin America , core sale grow 25.5 % , reflect pricing in the region and volume gain in Writing and Tools . and finally , Asia Pacific core sale decline 40 basis point as growth in it Writing and Commercial Products business be offset by softness in industrial bandsaw sale . move on to cash in it balance sheet . in Q1 , it use $ 154.3 million in operate cash compare with the use of $ 92.1 million in the prior year . this increase in use reflect it $ 70 million voluntary U.S. pension contribution it make in the first quarter of 2015 . it return $ 126.8 million to shareholder in Q1 , include $ 53.2 million in dividend and $ 73.6 million to repurchase 1.9 million of it share . as of the end of Q1 , it have $ 363 million available under it authorize open - market repurchase plan . and finally it balance sheet remain healthy with significant cash on hand and about $ 423 million in liquidity . it balance sheet metric continue to be strong give it continue financial flexibility to support it expansion of project renewal and for further acquisition , should it choose to pursue it . with that , it will turn the call back over to Mike .  John . let it now turn to the balance of 2015 . this morning , it reaffirm it 2015 full year guidance of 3.5 % to 4.5 % core sale growth and normalize EPS of $ 2.10 to $ 2.18 . it have have a strong start to the year and it believe it be continue to track towards the midpoint of both full year guidance range . it late view of the full year negative foreign currency impact to operate income be $ 0.35 to $ 0.37 , about $ 0.04 bad than the impact previously communicate in the full year guidance . it have take action to cover as much of the new currency impact as possible , with line of sight today to at least half of the incremental currency exposure . it expect to close the balance of the gap over the next few quarter . the expansion of project renewal should help . it conviction to steadily increase brand support remain strong , give the core growth acceleration it be experience . it plan to increase brand investment remain unchanged despite the incremental currency pressure . it expect to increase A&P investment in 2015 by about 20 % . it 2015 full year guidance assume it sustain mid single - digit core growth in it Win big business of Writing , Tools and Commercial Products , that it recover growth momentum on it baby business with acceleration from Q2 through the balance of the year , that it deliver strong growth on Rubbermaid food storage , offset planned decline on the low margin Rubbermaid Consumer Storage business , that it deliver strong year - over - year growth on it newly acquire brand of Contigo , Bubba and Baby Jogger . and that it offset the negative impact of transaction Forex with positive pricing , productivity and input cost deflation . and it continue to reduce overhead , which when be couple with growth enable it to increase brand support . there be two factor that can influence where it fall in it 2015 full year guidance range . the first factor be the plan acceleration of growth in it baby business . it expect baby core growth to accelerate through the balance of 2015 and deliver solid single - digit core growth for the full year . it be well stage to deliver very good growth in North America and Japan behind strong innovation , great customer partnering , and increase marketing support . it expect strength in North America and Japan to more than cover continued pressure in Europe . it be invest significant marketing support behind baby innovation in 2015 in order to reignite growth while accept the relate operating income margin compression . the second factor that could influence where it land in the full year be foreign exchange . in 2014 , it team do an excellent job overcome $ 0.17 per share of negative currency impact to deliver underlie core sale growth acceleration and an all - time record normalize EPS result . it guidance assume it do the same in 2015 overcome an incremental negative $ 0.35 to $ 0.37 foreign currency impact while accelerate growth and deliver a third consecutive all - time high normalize EPS outcome for new Rubbermaid . it be on track to achieve this outcome . it guidance assume the major currency be at current market rate and it continue to transact and translate at the SICAD rate in Venezuela . while the valuation of Venezuelan bolivar seem likely at some point in the future , it have access to the SICAD - it rate through option in the fourth quarter of 2014 and have raw material and inventory on hand to support the business well into the second half of 2015 without have to access anther option . the company remeasure it financial statement in Venezuela at the end of each month at the exchange rate at which it expect to remit future dividend , which for it be the SICAD rate . in this context , it will hold it current position on currency in Venezuela and to market condition , the currency framework over the law change . obviously the environment remain dynamic and it will continue to adapt it plan and outlook to change condition . while it do not provide quarterly guidance , let it make a few comment regard the phasing of this year ’s sale and earning . while it have a terrific momentum on it Writing business have deliver core sale growth of 9 % in Q1 2015 , on top of year ago Q1 core sale growth of 7.9 . as it previously communicate , it q2 core growth rate should step back from these level relate to the shift of some back to school shipment on Writing from Q2 to Q3 . as a consequence and as previously share , it expect it Q2 total company core growth rate to be towards the bottom of it full year guidance range in Q2 and it Q3 core growth rate to be at or slightly above the high end of it full year growth guidance range . that say , as a result of the building momentum in the business and the strong start to the year , it now expect first half core sale growth to be at or near the middle of the full year guidance range of 4 % , above it prior expectation . normalized EPS growth will likely skewed towards the back half of the year drive by two factor . first , the q2 negative foreign currency impact be now expect to increase to $ 0.11 to $ 0.12 per share versus the $ 0.08 impact experience in Q1 . Q3 should experience the similar headwind to Q2 with the negative impact begin to temper in Q4 assume current market rate . second , the majority of the incremental advertising and promotion investment plan for the balance of the year be tie to innovation launch and merchandise window , which be set to occur in May , June , July , and August . in this context , it expect the first half normalize EPS growth rate to be just below the bottom of it full year growth guidance range of 5 % and the second half normalized EPS growth rate to be just above the top of it full year growth guidance range of 9 % . so let it close by say it have a very good start to the year deliver strong competitive result . the growth game plan be accelerate . it be invest to create advantage brand development and innovation capability and be back it up with category lead marketing investment . these investment have be enable by it determination to make Newell lean and more efficient and when couple with action to strengthen it portfolio be yield both growth acceleration and margin expansion . there be more opportunity ahead of it than behind . and today , it announce a new commitment to deliver incremental annualize overhead saving of $ 150 million by the end of 2017 . a significant amount of these new saving will be invest back into the business for further growth acceleration . but as it scale it brand investment level , an increasingly high proportion of the saving will flow through to margin in earning . about half of the project renewal phase 3 annualize saving of $ 350 million will flow through to brand investment and half to the P&L in earning . it be well in it way to transform Newell Rubbermaid into a growth leader in it industry . with the kind of growth acceleration it experience in Q1 and a continued aggressive posture on cost , it will simultaneously transform the margin structure of the company , deliver what it think can be a competitively differentiate story of both category lead growth acceleration and margin development . that be the growth game plan into action . that be the new Newell Rubbermaid . let it now pass a line to the operator for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley . and Dara , it line be open . sorry about that , it be on mute . so it guidance this year imply mid-20%s FX neutral EPS growth . obviously , it have get a commodity benefit and it be push hard to offset FX , but that level would still be much high than it peer and it long - term guidance despite ad spend be up . and it have now announce incremental cost saving that will help drive 2016 with half of the Phase 3 saving drop to the bottom line . so it guess the question be , can it give it some insight on if the strong underlying EPS growth in 2015 be give it more confidence for 2016 and 2017 ? or why it should not believe that some of the strength from this year be sustainable as it look out long term and could allow it to beat the previously outline EPS goal ?  , Dara . good question . obviously , it be pleased with the start to the year . it strengthen it conviction on multiple dimension . it ’ good evidence that the framework that it lay out in the growth game plan be really begin to work . it certainly will through the new tranche of saving capture in this morning announcement have more flexibility than it do when it guide the acceleration phase of the growth game plan to great than 4 % core and great than 10 % EPS growth . so it think it challenge on the future upside potential be real . the thing that it would say be that the proof of the pudding in the eating , so it be one quarter into ' 15 . and it want to make sure it demonstrate consistency in the -- through the acceleration phase before it articulate a different point of view forward . of course , it will always have the option to think about a more aggressive deployment of it selective portion of it portfolio into , what it would describe be white space market . it have talk about China on Writing for ' 16 , but there be plenty of other white space out there . and any decision to let the saving flow to great than 10 % , EPS delivery would have to be measure against the opportunity to set up a different future by a more aggressive deployment of the portfolio , particularly write than what it commit to do at this point . part of that will be govern by it organizational capacity to be able to handle that . but that will be sort of the -- that will be the opportunity cost of let it flow to EPS . but it will face -- come to that fork in the road probably sometime in ‘ 16 second half or ’ 17 . okay . and then on the Writing instrument front , obviously , it continue to post exceptional result there . how sustainable be the market share gain behind that business in it mind , as it look out over the next couple of year ? what be the competitive response it be see and be there learning from the success in that business it can apply to other business ? well , it be -- the reason Writing be perform so well be because of these capability that it have build , both on the development side of it agenda the brand development side of it agenda , with a strengthen pipeline of innovation , strengthen advertising , sharpen packaging , really some creative marketing program , couple with real focus on get the right assortment to retail to get the right merchandising frequency at retail . so it ’ a combination of the first two pillar of the growth game plan , that it focus on make it brand really matter and that it focus on create commercial value from the idea it be drive throughout it selling and it delivery organization more broadly . and so that be work -- begin to work really well , it would characterize . it would not say it ’ perfect . it would say there ’ more opportunity to strengthen the algorithm there and it have a strong pipeline of idea come in 2016 than it even have in 15 . so it be encourage . it do not think it have see the four competitive response yet , Dara , and it will see that in Q3 when it come to that critical merchandising window . it be very , very well stage for that moment in time . but it think it will start to see more competitiveness from the folk it be up against . the thing that it will have a hard time compete against be the capability investment it have make . so it have go from a hold company to an operate company , release all these cost that build it at a capability to crossover the top of these five segment . that put it in a position it be competitively advantage capability relative to the folk it be up against . it think that put it in a sustained advantaged position versus the other . that couple with the cost out that be enable it to put money behind the brand set up a pretty good algorithm that should enable sustained share growth in it home market and then the more , perhaps , more importantly long - term the deployment of it portfolio around the world . that algorithm , that model be as relevant to Writing as it be to tool as it be to the core of it Commercial Products portfolio and increasingly to element within Home Solutions and geography within Baby . and so when it think about the portion of it Home Solutions portfolio that could benefit from the same principle and same approach Food Storage , it recently acquire Beverages business , these offer similar type of opportunity long - term . the challenge to it be to create the P&L capacity to be able to play for all those opportunity . so it think the capability be transferable , even though the category be quite different , that be the model it be build . it think the evidence be build that in fact the theory beyond the model can work and the time will tell how effective it be at drive towards the upside it next question come from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank . hi , Mike .  . hey . Can it just breakdown the contribution of sale volume versus price and then kind of how it think about that go forward , because it look like , it know it be much less resin expose than it use to be , but resin 's clearly fall off a cliff ? so maybe the put and take on the resin deflation versus some of the trucking inflation , and probably , some SG&A inflation as well ? then it have a follow - up if it do not mind ? yeah . sure . Bill , unlike other business , it have work in and other people it cover . the ability to tease apart volume from pricing be a little bit modeled here give it system and the algorithm it have get behind those system . so it will give it directional answer , but not as précise answer perhaps one of it peer could provide . further it have a lot of pricing in the algorithm this year as a result of it need to cover the transaction Forex issue around the world . that be true in Europe . that be true in Latin America . it have even take pricing on Writing in North America . it ’ true in Canada where it have get canadian dollar , U.S. dollar issue , and across part of Asia Pacific . so it be take , it be do the tough slog of pricing to cover transaction for Forex . and that come with some risk , some volume , although quite frankly , it have not see the volume risk materialize at the rate some folk may have expect it too . but it would say more than 50 % of it growth this year be go to be the pricing relate . that ’ not too dissimilar to where it have be in the prior year . so it may skew a little bit further in that direction and it will have to watch the volume , particularly as resin and other input cost fall , it ability to hold the pricing it have take in response to the transaction Forex impact it have have maybe challenge . and that ’ one of those thing it have to watch and it be very vigilant on because it be in the business of sell more stuff to consumer , not just at a high price . but it have get a rise on that one and it think it have get the right balance on what it have do to date but it watch it very closely . and out of the sort of mesh with the massive resin deflation it have see . it know it be an international situation on the transaction offset , but do it think it can hold pricing in the U.S. , give how dramatically resin 's decline recently ? well , the part of it portfolio where that would be the big issue be the part of the portfolio it be pull back from . so while it do not have to differentiate the proposition , it ’ very difficult to hold price , when resin -- when it input cost be fall . and so the Consumer Storage business that it be really pull back hard on the throttle on be the place where it be most vulnerable . and in part that be why it be move away from that portion of it business . and search into the place , it can create a point of difference which be food storage . it have say that there be three food storage platform that it want to develop over time . one be food on the go . one be -- and portion control . one be a well approach to storage in - home and in - fridge and in - pantry and the third be food preservation . all under this umbrella it call food storage . the work it be do to build it proposition in it product in this area will allow it to command the premium price , because it will have a product base point of difference and the brand promise will provide the kind of -- the right emotional connection to consumer . that mix of activity be what allow it to hold price . and retailer want it to bring that kind of value proposition to it shelf so it can hold price . it ’ in the area where it can create those point of difference where it will have to be very careful and watch the volume . and it may not be able to hold price in every area where it do not have a differentiate set of proposition . but that ’ in fact be why it be contract that portion of it portfolio and take the same manufacturing capacity that support that business and transfer it to support the differentiate platform and storage that it -- and beverage that it believe it . got it . great . and then just a follow - up be , be there any disconnect between sell - in and sell - through in some of these international market , because obviously distributor in a lot of other category have be destocke as it adjust to kind of the macro environment and the currency move . and then , what would the impact be if it guy have to go to the simadi rate in term of EPS ? it be sure it be in the 10-Q. it just have not have a chance to read it yet . yeah . those be different question , Bill . so let it handle the sell - in and sell - out question then it will pass to John on Venezuela . but there be always balance issue that be go on , either in it developed world of retail partner and in the distributive trade . it have -- it have experience that . it do not intend to call it out because it think it be the normal course of do business . it be rebalance that retailer be always do and try to drive inventory out , which do constrain it ability to drive sell - in . but that ’ for it to deal with . it must say , there be a huge event . it would not call that out as the reason why it be deal with revenue growth issue . so , it do not see that as materially change , even though there be lot of people focus on inventory right now . and it be pleased that it result in North America be strong as it be in the context of that . in the distribute trade , this balance issue be a real topic that it have to stay on top of . as it know , it have it own issue in China on fine Writing probably two year ago . and it live through that transition and rebalancing in that timeframe . and it be always individual distributor issue that it have to wrestle with . it do not see a macro issue that cut across geography . there be always individual issue it have to be deal with specific distributor . it have have some challenge with it distributor base in Russia . not related to inventory position , but with relate to it ability to access enough rouble to buy it dollar - denominate Baby gear . but again that be not inventor relate that ’ currency relate . so John on Simadi ? John Stipancich so , Bill , if it look for example to Simadi . so if it assume it transact and translate Simadi , for example , on today make that switch that that cost to it on EPS basis , would probably be about $ 0.05 give or take . the big question for it would be whether the government would even let it transact at Simadi , because obviously , the impact in the marketplace for school supply go up dramatically in term of the pricing . but right now with the partial year behind it be probably about $ 0.05 . great .  it , guy . and it next question will come from John Faucher with JPMorgan .  it .  . two question here , first off , head into this year it seem as though there be some optimism on the consumer come back and from what it have see , it do not appear that that be happen . so organic core sale growth seem be a little bit better ? Can it talk about how much it be see , maybe the underlie consumer come through versus where it feel like it be execute ? how much of that improvement it be see be self - generate versus macro ? and then , if it look at the medical cart business , if it exclude in both -- if it include it in both period , the core sale growth be a little bit low , but there be a big year - over - year decline there on that medical cart business ? be that the type of decline it be expect or should it see that moderate , if it try to map that out over the balance of the year ?  .  , John . it would have expect to have see more consumer momentum in the U.S. than it have to - date . it would have think that the reduction in energy price , reduction in gasoline price would have drive change in trajectory purchasing behavior . it obviously see positive trend in attitude through the consumer confidence datum in the U.S. but have that translate to or convert to a difference in actual behavior . it do not see it yet . so it -- but it be optimistic that overtime that should come into play . it have not assume in it guidance a macro recovery in the U.S. beyond the condition it be leave with today . so if that would occur that would be a positive and it would have to think about the implication for it business and how it manage thing . what it have say from the time it have join be that it think that the -- that idea trump the macros , that it be in control of it own debt , whether it ’ a choice to deploy it portfolio into a new market or whether it ’ the opportunity connect to build it share position in these category . it also have though the obligation as the leader in most of it category , if not all , maybe one exception . it have the responsibility to actually lead category development , not just drive share shifting . and so it idea be design to expand the size of the pie for it and for it retail partner . and it think it be increasingly do that well and in some case do that better than other and in some case better than it would have expect it to be able to do at this point in the transformation . so it be encourage by what it be see . it would say , John , it balance be largely , it progress be largely drive by action it be take as appose to some macro tailwind . so that ’ one part of the question . the other question be on the medical cart business . this business decline probably about -- just about 12 % in 2014 and it see further decline in the first quarter with more amplified . this be a spiky business . this be not a business where it get continuous replenishment . and if it get an order that -- a new order that come in and it , sort of a -- it be a lumpy profile for revenue flow . and so it be up against the very strong quarter in the first quarter but then the trend in the business have be with it for a while . and it think , it guess , that ’ all it would say because it be in a midst of a sale process , John , at this point . okay . so but just to clarify it , it sound like it should expect exclude that to benefit core sale over the balance of the year but probably not as much as it see in the first quarter ? definitely not as much as the first quarter but it should expect that the core sale will be -- will benefit by a bit . it be not a big business . so it ’ not a big business . so it ’ not -- as it disclose it be $ 65 million last year but it should see some benefit . okay .  it . it will now take it next question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust .  .  . just dig into on the Baby side , it be not sure it fully understand in the first quarter , it think it talk about North America be up high single digit . be that include or exclude the recall from last year and it guess , it ’ include kind of -- can it maybe help it understand how it accelerate from here . it mean in term of what do it see that really get it off of where it will not have the benefit from recall for the next two , three quarter ? yeah . so let it take North America and then it will pass to John to talk to it about what be go on in Russia , in Europe on the Baby business because that ’ sort of the down elevator it be face into at the moment . but it be pleased with both the pos growth in North America and the net sale growth in North America on Baby . it expect that growth rate to accelerate through the balance of the year . it have get a strong innovation platform and it have -- it obviously have pretty easy comp in Q1 . it will have easy comp at probably April , May as well because if it remember the recall timeframe , it be really for mid - March through mid - may that it be really on it heel . and so it be go to have some pretty each comp in Baby for that period of time . and it see that -- it may not see that but it see that in it POS daily year - over - year , very strong , strong than the growth rate that it communicate which be sell base . and so it think that thing be set up for a very good year in North America on Baby . it be be quite aggressive to defend it flank on the low cost side of the portfolio , but it have get tremendous pipeline of innovation . and it be spend money on the brand through television advertising and it be get great partnering with it key customer . so it be quite optimistic about what Baby will be able to do in North America . in Japan , it have turn the corner and it have a good pipeline of innovation and it have lap the -- if it remember the consumption tax issue in Q1 of ‘ 14 . it have lap that tax increase which create it official spike in the first quarter of ‘ 14 that it have now pass . and so it have again easy comp , but more importantly a strong program in Japan for the balance of the year than it do last year at this time . it can it can see that all sort of unfold . Europe be more challenging and let it just -- and there be two piece to Europe . there be sort of the underlie issue in Western Europe but then there be some challenge in Russia . so John ? John Stipancich so Bill , Russia , as Mike say really do with the decline of the Rouble and the challenge it distributor have in term of pay it for it good which be sell in dollar . it ’ be unfortunately a drag on the overall segment . so it should not sour it interest on the overall recovery of the Baby business because as Mike say North America be do extremely well . the balance of Europe have be soft for it as well . it have get a little bit -- it get the last piece of it exit that ’ flow through as well in the quarter of it plan exit . and then some overall softness but it do have new product that should be hit in Q2 . that should give it hopefully a slight bounce back and then help mitigate the further challenge that it expect to see in Russia over the balance of the year . got it . and John , while it have it , just on the housekeeping , on the tax rate , as it look forward be there a catch - up in any specific quarter that get it down to 24 % or it should just be slightly below that level for the next three quarter ? John Stipancich yeah . right now , it would assume it ’ just go to be relatively flat to get it back to 24 . it still have bit and piece that move in and out but nothing necessarily line of sight to overall . it would also remind it on the net income mix by quarter , Q1 serve it small quarter in absolute term . so it be get a mix effect on tax rate that will happen as the topline and bottom line in absolute term grow to 2q , 3Q , 4 .  . that ’ helpful . it will now take it next question from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo .  . so , Mike , obviously it guy have increase advertising pretty substantially . sale be react in different place and it think it start to get into this at the last Analyst Day , but it be wonder if it can it guess kind of step back and explain what it be see on the sustainability of POS , follow period where it do advertising . in other word , how sticky be the business ? have it be able to raise the base of business with the advertising , which have be kind of episodic by business ? so , be it another way of get at the return on that investment question but if it can explain some of that would be really helpful ? this be the big question also , Chris . [ Audio Gap ] because and it be just begin to be able to lapse period where it spend real money . and encouragingly in write in particular , it be see year - on - year growth . it will not quote pos datum but just look at the revenue datum . so , 9 % net sale growth or core sale growth in Q1 of ‘ 15 , up against 7.9 % core sale growth in Q1 of ’ 14 . so it be begin to get growth on growth and it be see really strong pos growth in Writing in the U.S. and so that encourage it to continue to spend . however , the one thing it would say be that Richard and it team , Richard , Martin and the team , Maria be look at this really , really closely , because it have to decide how much money layer in there , and whether the next dollar spend be wise to be spend in it home market or whether it ought to be use that money to support the point , the more aggressive deployment of it portfolio into wide space geography . and so this question be really quite pivotal and it be ask it across every one of it business . it ’ a little early for it to declare whether it get the balance right or not . encouragingly , it have very , very strong pos in the business and it be spend in Q1 and it be spend significantly more in Q2 than it do in the year ago period and it will start to get that REIT . but it be one of the big question it have to reconcile for it , which be how do it balance where to deploy the money . and then it have question that it be ask it across category . so , be it get the same kind of growth yield for a dollar invest in commercial or dollar invest behind innovation and tool or dollar invest in internet advertising on goodie ? so the return on the growth yield , not the return . it do not want a confusion . it be not look at the financial return . the growth yield for these dollar be something it be look at very , very closely . the challenge it have get in it business relative to other that it have work in be it do not have as broad a set of syndicate datum to be able to marry grp right - up to sell out datum . but it be build some close proxy for that and it will learn more through the year . that ’ helpful . and it guess this be a follow - up . it mean , if it unpack where the growth be come from because obviously those Win big business be do really well . if it tell it a year and a half ago , it will be put up these kind of growth rate and growth on growth in Win Bigger , would it have think that core would have be pace even better than it be today ? in other word , other than -- the other business maybe lag little more than it think and it guess if it could explore a little , it would be great ? so what it support it the ability to do be to pull back harder on the throttle on the portion of the portfolio , it be go to have to come to grip with some other way over time . so there be no way , it think it would have be enable to pullback on Consumer Storage as aggressively as it do last year . and it have do it again this year as it pivot that injection molding capacity to food storage . it ’ the same injection molding process , just different mold . so it be able to shift the capacity within it manufacturing network to the more value accretive portion of the portfolio where it can create differentiation . it know if it look back , it never would have think it would have be able to pull back as hard as it have . it also would not have think that it would have be able to pull back as hard as it have on the less attractive portion of it european business . and so there be two thing that it have do that have constrain core sale growth today it think be really important strategically for the future and set up perhaps the potential to grow even faster than it originally envision on a long - term basis that it have be able to do as a result of the Win big business be more responsive to both the new capability that it have deploy and the investment it put in the business .  . that ’ helpful . appreciate it . and it will take it next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays . Lauren Lieberman  . hi ,  . it want to talk a little bit about it guess two thing . one be a follow - up on baby , it think there be a comment about adjust some price point at the low end in the U.S. it be hope it could just further follow up on that . and then secondly be on the tool business . just curious it view on kind of market growth in the U.S. and where the soft spot be like be Asia -- be China significantly worse or kind of keep pace with what it have see and any kind of slowdown it have see in Latin America there ?  . John Stipancich hey , Lauren , it ’ John . so with respect to baby , as it talk about before , it see some competitive pressure with some of it guy vertically integrate within the space right now and that obviously put something constraint overall on it core . fully with it brand , with a good supply partner it be able to defend that core . and as Mike mention before , it will fight to preserve that volume at some of it key retailer and that ’ it plan and that ’ in it long - term interest . with respect to tool , so right now it tool business do seem to get a nice tie to industrial output certainly on the band see business . so it be get some benefit in North America right now , as industrial production seem to be still go fairly well , even though consumer confidence may not be up with respect to Asia . so it be definitely see a slowing in China and a little bit in Japan on it band see business , which overall be a little bit of a drag on the tool business . and then it be still do well in Latin America , but certainly start to see sign of that slow a little bit . but of course , it be expand it offering in Brazil . so it definitely have that benefit , but Latin America it be start to see a little bit of the sign of weakness , but maybe not as much as some of it competitor there . Lauren Lieberman so do it think that for this year tool end up among the Win big business be at the low end of the growth rate range macro - relate ? yes . no , it do not think it ’ macro - relate . it think it be lap some initiative from prior year in the first quarter of the launch of the Brazil restage of the business . it have all that pipeline that it have to lap . but second tranche of the Brazil new item , it lap in the first quarter . but it think tool be go to be a mid - single - digit type of grower this year , maybe a little strong . it be take the portfolio from Brazil and it be in the midst of deploy it into the Philippines . there be other opportunity across Southeast Asia to do the same . so it be more optimistic on tool to be honest with it . but it do not think it ’ -- it issue be not macro - relate . so it do not think . it issue be really -- it be not macro - dependent right now . it ’ more with the exception of industrial product , as John say . this be more about what it be do versus what it do year ago and the timing with which it be go to do thing it get in the plan for ' 15 , but it do think tool be the mid - single digits grower for it . Lauren Lieberman okay . great .  it . it will now go to Wendy Nicholson with Citi . Wendy Nicholson hi ,  . just a follow - up , first on the Writing business . it think last year when it put up such strong organic growth in Writing , some of it come from distribution expansion . but it do not hear it call that out today in term of contribute to the 9 % growth . so do it feel like at least in North America kind of it be distribute where it need or be there still pocket of opportunity ? and then second sort of as a follow - up , also on Writing . Can it tell it roughly how that be split between North America and Latin America , if it do , it apologize , it miss it ? yes . so let it -- it can have Nancy follow up with it on the split of the Writing growth rate . Wendy Nicholson but it do not have it at it fingertip . both business , it grow Writing strongly in both North America and Latin America and it grow it Writing in Asia as well . so it have have a good run on Writing in Europe . it have a choppier first quarter , but in broad term it have strong growth . More pricing drive growth in Latin America , more volume drive growth in North America and market share drive growth in North America . it question be a great question . and if it have Joe Cavaliere , who be it head of customer development in the room with it right now and it be sit across the table , it would it wink at it . it think , it still have the ton of opportunity leave in it home market to get it brand more broadly distribute with the right assortment in the right channel . and it think , in fact , it think there be more commercial innovation opportunity on it Writing business at the moment than anything else . and so it have make very good progress . it see what it call total distribution point , tdp up and it see it share of tdp up in the U.S. but it still believe it be nowhere near where it could be . with respect to depth of availability and have the right assortment in different channel , it be not yet maximize the revenue per linear inch of the store shelf . so it have a ton of opportunity to get that right . it ’ not easy work , it ’ collaborative work . it ’ work that ’ need to be validate through analytic in partnership with the customer to demonstrate why reset shelving to the perfect assortment create value for it and conversely for it . and so it sort of painstaking work . it have make good progress but it have a lot more opportunity to get what it describe as the perfect store in place with perfect assortment . and it ’ true in the U.S. , it true in Canada , certainly true in Europe and U.K. and France and in part of Mexico within it mass channel . so there be a lot of opportunity still in front of it . it be make good progress that be mean to be too negative about it for it own people but it get more , more it can do . Wendy Nicholson terrific . it have a second unrelated question , which be the $ 150 million of incremental cost saving . John Stipancich Wendy Nicholson sound like that be SG&A and it say overhead - relate . but how much of that be relate to either strand overhead for some of the brand that it be sell or incremental synergy opportunity for the brand that it have buy ? and how much of it , if it can tease it out , be just kind of the core business ? it mean , it surprise it that it have do so much restructuring . it mean , Newell do even before it get there . and it be amazing that it kind of keep peel back the layer of the onion and find more opportunity ? John Stipancich yeah . hey , Wendy , it ’ John . the vast majority of it be basically the core underlie business . there ’ not a whole lot that ’ leave from the strand disposition . and it recognition be fair . although it think the previous project have be more focused on manufacture distribution footprint and so forth . actually , it have take a hard enough look ever at the SG&A structure on the overhead ’s piece . and certainly , a lot of it peer be start to do that . so it recognize that it still have plenty of opportunity overall . it overhead ratio be just below 20 right now . so good benchmark that against anybody in it industry and it will see that that ’ quite high . the exception may be a couple of the tool and Commercial Products industry player . so it have a lot of opportunity . it have to do this in a disciplined way , Wendy , and part of this be a legacy of have operate in a disaggregate structure . it be discipline because it have to change the way it work to enable the cost to come out . it do a lot of the macro structural work already . but now it need to get into the way it transact it business in order to release these overhead . and then it get to high real estate footprint cost . it have get lot of -- it have get pretty much every line item that it can look down , it could challenge . and so one of the reason , it be so happy that John be interested in do this as it be prove through the european experience , how to go about do this . and it be the perfect player that kind of lead this charge on behalf of the company , give it experience to date . and it be go to get this sorted . this be one of the thing that will give it the degree of freedom within the P&L to make some of the choice that Dara be challenge it on earlier . Wendy Nicholson terrific .  . it next question come from Joe Altobello with Raymond James .  .  , guy . not to harp too much on Baby , but it just do want to go back and see where the first quarter come in relative to it expectation , number one ? number two , do it think it could accelerate fast enough to get into that 3.5 % to 4.5 % range for the full year ? okay . and in term of expectation be it in line or ... ? it ’ a listen hard for the team to listen . it be sure . hopefully -- it tell it what it think . but it hope it can get to solid single - digit growth on Baby globally despite the headwind in Russia , despite the challenge that will persist in Europe through the balance of the year . it would not get too optimistic about what it be go to be able to do in Europe , but it have get a great setup plan in North America and in Asia . and then it have have all the conversation it need to have about strengthen Europe as it move out of ‘ 15 into ‘ 16 . it get a well innovation plan come back . in fact , there be meeting in London this week with it two big customer in Europe that go very , very well , design to setup ‘ 16 for success . so -- but ‘ 15 will be mute growth , maybe a slight decline in Europe that it will cover through progress in North America and Asia . got it . okay . it be just try to put the 80 basis point into some context there ? and then secondly in term of the acquisition , it look like it be look for a big contribution from than it be previously . maybe an update on where those stand , Contigo , bubba and Baby Jogger obviously . be it see more growth opportunity or distribution expansion opportunity from it ? it could not -- it could not be happy with these acquisition . it be just beautiful brand . and it have get great people that it bring into the business with the brand . and so it could not be happy , Baby Jogger -- again it be talk 2016 innovation of Baby Jogger now and it have get some really interesting thing that it be go to be do then . Contigo and bubba awesome brand with huge distribution opportunity not still in the U.S. and the world to play for with these brand . again the constrain factor on these will be it p&l capacity to be able to place all these bet . but it be really pleased with these category . and it be quite importantly all growth accretive and with new investment that it be go to be able to put behind it , it would expect that to be able to sustain , if not accelerate the growth momentum in these business and it be right where it hope it would be with it at this point in time . great .  it . the next question come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America .  .  . want to ask it about gross margin . it know there be lot of put and take there . but it obviously have a strong start to the year . commodity do get well as the year progress . and it know with the baby commentary , there be probably a little bit of a mix drag as the year progress . but can it continue to accelerate gross margin from here , to continue fuel even more incremental spending ? well , it be pleased with the start on gross margin . it be actually a little bit better than it anticipate it be . part of that be mix relate . but a lot of it have to do with how aggressively it deal with it transaction Forex issue and some progress that it be make on supply chain . the first part -- the first half of project renewal , the $ 200 million that it have report previously authorize it to spend be very much focus on gross margin . in fact , most of it in gross margin , a small piece of it be in overhead . and so it should -- if input cost continue to fall and slow at this level and it be able to capture the benefit of the strategic pricing work it be do through it new go - to market program , it should be able to deliver in ‘ 16 and ‘ 17 gross margin progression , quite nice gross margin progression . ‘ 15 will be challenge by the mix effect of baby recovery and home solution recovery . again , remind it it acquisition be dilutive with gross margin . and so the growth there will work against it , although it be make great progress within each of those acquisition on gross margin improvement . so ‘ 15 will not be as impressive a year in term of gross margin delivery for all the reason , include the transaction Forex pressure it have . but as it -- assume thing hold together from a currency perspective and that it deliver the first $ 200 million of saving in the third phase of renewal , which be almost all gross margin relate , it should be able to see some nice movement forward on gross margin in ' 16 and ' 17 . got it . appreciate that . and then in term of the U.S. and sort of capture a little bit of a lift from low gas price , low commodity price , why do it think it be not see more of a lift , particularly in the U.S. ? it think the industry be not single lift . it be make that judgment base on the retail comp , it be see not base on it movement , it be see good momentum . it be just-- it be reluctant to describe any of that to the macros base on the retail comp it be hear . there be some exception to that . the home center retailer be do quite well . but if it look at the mass channel , it do not see this massive shift that it would have expect from Q3 to Q4 or to Q1 yet . and it do not see it in the GDP growth either . so it think -- it be reluctant to call upside in the macros . that say do not seem to be impact it ability to drive a sequential improvement in it growth rate . fair enough .  , Mike . the next question come from Jason Gere with KeyBanc Capital Markets .  . it get to be honest . it think every question and topic have be exhaust . so the only thing it guess it will ask be if it could talk maybe a little about the cash flow for the year , just cash flow from operation , how it should see that kind of play out ? obviously the first quarter be a use of cash . so just wonder if it could kind of talk about the priority , how it be think about the next 12 month ? sure , Jason . so it anticipate use it always use cash in the first quarter , so nothing new there . and it see it -- it be a good opportunity for it to put money into it U.S. pension plan , a wise investment for it . so once it back that it , it be almost flat year - over - year on cash in Q1 . it will consume cash as well in Q2 and then eventually turn positive in the back half overall . so typical for it business overall . that say , net - net it should land cash , it be not go to guide to it , but fairly consistent with where it have in the past . but it do know that it have a lot of opportunity still on work capital . so that ’ one of the thing that , in addition to some of the other project Mike ’s task it with that it need to tackle this year be to improve it work capital position . and it be start to sketch out the framework for do that in a comprehensive yet collaboratively way with all the stakeholder include it supplier . okay . and then just in term of the new cost saving , the update there , be there any change to that five year target on cash flow from operation it guy lay out at one of the of past analyst meeting ? it think it be like $ 4 billion . it know obviously acquisition have kind of step up a little bit earlier than anticipate , but it be just wonder if there be any update to the long - term cash flow outlook . it have not update that since , gosh , it think probably back - to - school . it think highlight at the CAGNY . it ’ a good challenge . it should update that -- it will update that for the next big conference that be Deutsche Bank . so it will make sure it provide an update that reflect all the M&A that it have do both in and the out and -- it do not think it will a make materially huge difference in the overall framework . it capital allocation strategy be go to remain the same . it will hold it dividend payout ratio in the 30 % to 35 % range . it be try to take it towards the high end of that , so that it be competitive with the fast move consumer good , guy . it be obviously buy back it stock because it think it be undervalued . it continue to believe it be undervalued , give agenda that it be deploy and the result it be begin to put up and the fact that it be competitive with some of the good that be out there . and then obviously , it have an appetite to continue to strengthen each of it five pillar through bolt - on M&A and it will continue to do that . it have lot of opportunity there . so it have get -- it should set that up a little bit more clearly than it have in the last couple of big conference that it have do and it will take that on . sound get .  guy . and it next question come from Steph Wissink with Piper Jaffray . hi .  , everyone . just a really quick question from it on the A&P increase spend , can it talk a little about the strategy ? and be it test new strategy that it be find be work better than it expectation ? and then Mike , if it could just talk about how widespread those A&P increase be across the globe , or be it concentrate by region ? good question , Steph . so it be comfortable put the money in because it be validate what it be spend behind in advance of put money behind it . so every piece of advertising that air , that it invest behind go through a battery of test . and it have have very , very strong advertising testing result . and it use the same methodology that all the , sort of the academy consumer good company would use , same supplier , same methodology . and it test it advertising against all industry at . so it know how it be perform versus the good . and it have do extremely well in pre - testing before it take it to market . so , it have quantitatively validate the ad it be spend behind . that ’ the first threshold before it will put any money behind the piece of advertising . the second be drive by portfolio strategy and the where - to - play choice it be make in the business . and Writing have get a disproportionate amount of investment relative to the rest of the portfolio because of it Win big status and because it be prove to be very , very responsive to the investment . it be increasingly broaden the geographic footprint to that investment . it start that in 2014 . it will increase the amount of that money that be be deploy into market like Mexico , Columbia , Brazil , U.K. , France , Italy and it footprint , geographic footprint will continue to broaden within the Writing portfolio . on tool , it have see good responsiveness when it spend behind advertising that ’ new product focus . when it do anthem , what ’ call anthematic advertising just on the big brand , it do not see responsiveness . so it pull the money off of the anthematic campaign on tool and put it behind new item , both in the U.S. and in Brazil where the big investment have be make up until now . it will evaluate whether to continue to broaden that advertising . but again , it will have to be measure against the upside potential of deploy the money against the Writing opportunity . it be spend more heavily than it ever have before on baby to reignite growth and it will continue to do that . that advertising be largely new item focus and it seem to be really yield a good sell - through impact . so , it be go to continue to play that story out . and at the end of ’ 15 , it will evaluate how much more it should be deploy behind that brand . the Graco brand in particular be one of it strong brand from an equity standpoint . so there be great resonance when it spend money behind it and it be see , when Graco advertising that be new item focus be couple with great merchandising , it get this synergistic effect on sell - through . so it be go to continue to play that out . it just begin advertise Calphalon in the fourth quarter of 2014 and it be in the midst of evaluate that that look to have be a positive experience for it . and then it have opportunity in many other place that it will have to govern to the deployment of the money against have -- until it have fulfil all the opportunity on it high priority brand . so that ’ a logic behind which it be make choice . it think over the next few year it should expect it to be able to tell it that an increasingly high proportion of it total medium spend be outside of North America . great . appreciate the response . good of luck , guy .  it . and it final question come from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer .  , Rupesh .  .  for take it question . so , it just want to touch on , it guess go a little further into it core sale growth . so clearly it mention in it press release a number of time benefit from the strong innovation . be there any way to quantify how much more -- maybe how much more growth it be see right now from new innovation maybe versus last year ? it do not quote that number externally but it ’ considerably strong . the number that it talk about be the innovation rate in the business and it be press towards an ambition that to compete with the good in it industry , which typically be measure by this metric , some people call it by tally rate . other people call it innovation rate . what it be look to try to get it innovation rate to have about 30 % of it revenue touch by -- or generate by innovation launch in the last three year , that sort of the goal standard that most consumer good company would point to . and it be get close . by ‘ 16 , it will be there . it be get close . it be not quite there yet . but it be certainly way strong than it be a year ago . and that will continue to progress as idea come through the funnel . 