  it will start with a review of Nexstar ’s Q1 income statement and balance sheet datum , after which will provide an update on it capital structure and detail relate to it recently close transaction . net revenue for Q1 of ’ 14 increase 52 % to $ 203.4 million over the same period in 2014 . core revenue increase 29.4 % to $ 20.1 million , that be comprise of $ 84.5 million of local revenue and $ 35.6 million of national revenue , both up approximately 30 % . political revenue be down from $ 4 million in Q1 of 2014 to approximately $ 400,000 this last quarter . retransmission fee grow 89.5 % to $ 66.6 million . digital medium revenue grow 208 % to $ 93.3 million as it recognize revenue from some of it recent acquisition . all of this contribute to a 50 % increase in broadcast cash flow to $ 75.7 million , adjust EBITDA of $ 64 million and free cash flow be up 70 % to $ 42.9 million . on a same station basis , net revenue be up 8.3 % . core advertising revenue on a same station basis be up approximately 0.5 % and back during one time activity relate to the Olympics in Q1 of 2014 which it evaluate at 50 % displacement rate , it increase super bowl revenue from NBC in Q1 of 2015 and the timing difference relate to a contractual advertiser between the first quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015 . it remain disciplined in manage it cost and then address it capital structure , leverage and cost to capital as complement to it operating strategy and focus on drive free cash flow . first quarter station direct operating expense , net of trade expense and SG&A expense rise 67.9 % and 40.2 % , respectively and include approximately $ 700,000 of transaction expense relate to the capital market and transaction acquisition activity in the first quarter . the increase reflect high variable cost relate to the high local and national revenue and the operation of acquire station and digital asset as it operate or provide service to approximately 107 station in Q1 2014 , compare to 93 station a year - ago . on a same station basis fix cost , exclude affiliation expense and sale expense be up only a half of 1 % versus Q1 of 2014 as it continue to aggressively manage controllable expense . Nexstar ’s first quarter corporate expense be in - line with the expectation that it provide and report in Q4 and come at approximately $ 11.7 million of which $ 8.8 million be cash corporate overhead . include in that $ 8.8 million of cash corporate overhead be $ 1.2 million of cost associate with it significant acquisition and financing activity during the quarter . this compare to the corporate expense of $ 8.5 million a year ago , which include $ 1.6 million of non - cash stock option expense . for the second quarter of 2015 , it project corporate overhead of approximately $ 11 million , inclusive of stock comp , while cash corporate overhead will be in the $ 8 million range . also as note previously , there be other cash expense in Q1 associate with the taxis on it acquire station divesture . these gain could not run through it income statement , due to it closing concurrent with the purchase . the associate taxis be not able to be offset by nol and an amount of approximate $ 5.9 million as note on page 7 of this morning ’s press release be associate with those asset sale . the company do not include the portion of taxis attributable to the asset divestiture in it calculation of operate free cash flow because of it transactional nature . turn to the balance sheet , it will review the key item at 3/31/2015 . as pretty much then previously total leverage be 4.34 time versus the total permit leverage covenant of 6.75 . First lien leverage be 2.03 versus a 4.0 covenant . Nexstar ’s outstanding debt as of 3/31/2015 consist of first lien debt of 743.4 million , comprise of 700 million term loan and $ 42 million outstanding on the revolver . the increase in the revolver borrowing net of the sale of Evansville station be use for the CCA acquisition early in the quarter and subsequently pay down slightly by the bond issue later in Q1 . senior sub - debt at 6.875 amount to 525 million outstanding and it recently issue 6.875 amount to $ 275 million outstanding . it will quickly reconcile the Q1 capital structure change . on January 2 , it complete the $ 270 million CCA acquisition , which after deposit of $ 27 million be pay for over the $ 95 million revolver draw and a $ 174 million of cash from operation , which be originally source under the term loan a. it then close on the divestiture of the Evansville CBS and FOX affiliate generate cash proceed of approximately $ 27 million . on January 29 , Nexstar and Marshall complete the sale and issuance of $ 275 million of 6.125 note due in 2022 , and actually Marshall do not participate in that issuance it be just Nexstar . the note be price at par and it senior unsecured obligation of Nexstar Broadcasting Inc. it use the net proceed from the offering on the cash on hand to fund the acquisition of television station in Las Vegas and Phoenix and for a total consideration of $ 213 million and for Yashi for $ 33 million and use the balance through pay related fee and a $ 29 million balance reduction on the revolver . the revolver borrowing be further reduce by $ 30 million , during April 2015 from operate free cash flow , so the current outstanding on the revolver be approximately $ 12 million . total interest expense for Q1 be $ 19.3 million compare to $ 15.2 million in the same period a previous year , cash interest similarly rise to $ 18.4 million from $ 14.5 million relate to it growth over the previous year in term of acquisition , and as it mention before shortly after a quarter end , it do reduce the facility or the – it may not stand on the revolver facility to $ 12 million . look at it current capital structure in Nexstar ’s weighted average cost of borrowing have decline to approximately 5 % from 5.75 % at year - end 2013 . Q1 CapEx be $ 6.9 million , compare to $ 4 million in the previous year ’s quarter . for the full year of 2015 , budget CapEx be expect to be approximately $ 25 million , which will be inclusive of the require investment in the new affiliation in Waco and Lafayette . it think it news this morning on the new network affiliate station it be launch and across certain key area , it be lock with those network affiliation cost be incremental to discuss success it be achieve in it disciplined operating and integration initiative . as it relate to management focus on free cash flow , it formula remain unchanged in term building and the top line maintain close control on fixed and variable cost and optimize the balance sheet . this plan have support it goal of generate significant free cash flow growth , while allow it to additionally pursue a selective accretive acquisition , pay dividend and reduce leverage and take the other action that can enhance shareholder value . in summary , it new expectation for 2015 , 2016 free cash flow of approximately $ 456 million on average pro forma free cash flow of approximately $ 7.30 per share , per year and it operation and balance sheet , capital structure and cost to capital be in great shape , it be on plan and look forward to solid return in 2015 and beyond . that conclude the financial review for the call and now it will turn it back over to Perry for some closing remark before Q&A.  it , Tom . look ahead , it continue to see GDP like growth for it core ad revenue and as such it have structure Nexstar ’s operating model to leverage it high revenue service , include digital medium , retrain and political . with distribution agreement represent an excess of 80 % of Nexstar ’s MVPD subscriber up for renewal in 2015 and 2016 , the ongoing growth from this revenue source in 2015 and beyond be highly visible . similarly , digital medium revenue growth in 2015 will further benefit from project double digit organic growth , as well as it recent accretive acquisition . and those of it who have follow it activity for the past several year know that Nexstar have establish in the key political market and it expect to see political revenue growth as an even big contributor go forward with the likelihood that it will see some presidential primary dollar even later this year . it focus on near and long - term free cash flow growth as the driver of enhanced shareholder value remain the foundation of it play book . it continue to see attractive potential acquisition target and it have headroom for expansion from the standpoint of it current 18 % U.S. television household reach , compare to the currently mandate 39 % cap . it be confident that 2015 will see another period of record financial result as Nexstar benefit from it expand scale , it new operating efficiency and the synergy relate to recently complete acquisition , as well as the renewal of significant number of re - transmission consent agreement and the expansion of it digital medium subsidiary . with the free cash flow generate from it current operation , it believe that Nexstar ’s net leverage absent additional strategic M&A activity will remain in the mid - four time range at the end of this year and decline to below three time range by the end of 2016 . with that it would like to  it again for join it today and so let it open the call now to Q&A to address it specific area of interest . operator ? question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] and it will take it first question from Aaron Watts with Deutsche Bank . hi guy ,  . it be curious what it be see in term of the core ad environment . it think it talk about exclude kind of lot of noise up a little bit in the first quarter , how be it feel in the second quarter relative to that ? for a core ad revenue perspective , April finish with a low single digit growth over the prior year and core digital revenue be up double digit as expect and at this point q2 be pace ahead of where it finish in Q1 . so it be not see any slowdown in it core revenue business and as it say kind of gdp growth as expect . okay . perry any weakness in it Texas market , hear mixed thing from other , it obviously have a large presence there , tell it what it be see ? no , it be not see weakness in it Texas market . and follow up on that yesterday afternoon , it look around and call around and it be perform at or above kind of the rest of the portfolio . so , no material difference in either direction in the state of Texas for it . great . last one for it a little big picture . but hear some comment on the spectrum auction from some of it contemporary and vary view on participation on that . but just with that in the backdrop , how be it think about M&A opportunity go forward with that auction still loom out there , it find it more difficult to kind of proceed with those opportunity or be there few of it , just it sense of the environment ahead of that ? it think it have be pretty consistent say it be involve in kind of the one - off discussion that probably total somewhere in the $ 100 million to $ 100 million plus range . and it be involve in more strategic discussion that be in various stage of development . but no one at this point be ask for a spectrum put or anything like that . it think people realize there be a lot of move part in the spectrum auction and so much yet to be write even around the auction rule and that someone need to sell for state purpose or for shareholder contribution purpose or portfolio diversification . it be not pin it hope on the if comm [ ph ] of the spectrum auction and business be get do . so it have get see that effect . the conversation that it be in just generally as it get close to the auction that may change . but at this point , it would not it ’ not a factor . be it a little bit – do it make the hurdle a little bit high for something of a little bit large scale do it think ? again , it think , people in the broadcast business that have a go concern business probably realize the fundamental of that . and , again , when it be talk about a public company , and someone due to – two public company to merge , it kind of have a – it have an option on the spectrum anyway because nobody be really go away . so it be not sure that – again , it have not affect discussion that be go on today and discussion be still go on . so from it perspective , until – until , it know more , it ’ hard to have anything other than a hypothetical view and there be compete hypothetical view of the spectrum auction and how it will play out . but it do not have enough information to have anything other than a hypothetical view at this point . understand . all right , great .  it . it next question come from James Dix with Wedbush Securities .  , gentleman . a couple of thing . it guess , first , be it see much variance in growth by affiliation type ? obviously , FOX have have some strong rating recovery and with Empire that ’ roll off the air . so it have hear various thing about some of the ad trend at the various affiliation type . so it be curious what it be see with that ? and then , second , just in term of it digital growth , especially with it acquisition roll in , roughly how – what be the big chuck of that digital revenue in term of online video advertising sale , display advertising , other type of sale ? and then just one follow - up on the use of free cash flow .  . sure . well , it will start with affiliation . it ’ good to have a portfolio because , as it know , some network [ audio gap ] some gain basically , right ? so , it CW station be perform ahead of expectation substantially . however , CW MyNet represent less than 10 % of it portfolio . FOX station be slightly underperform the big three currently and the FOX station represent a small percent of the revenue in it portfolio . then each of the big three individually , it would say , ABC , CDS and NBC be all perform kind of on top of each other and if anything FOX may be perform slightly behind . it question on digital , if it look at the number that ’ report and look at that as kind of a run rate , it think it ’ fair to say that approximately half of that revenue be generate in digital advertising or agency service , sale , in it local marketplace , so kind of at the tv station at the local market level . and half of it be external revenue , the Yashi and LAKANA generate from company outside the Nexstar portfolio . and both be grow at double - digit growth level , both the external service revenue as well as it internal – it digital – organic revenue , it guess , it would say , manufacture and generate at the local market level . so , it do not know how of it -- Yashi be programmatic digital video entirely . LAKANA be agency service , CMS and other thing on top of that . and then it ’ add support revenue at the local station level , probably 95 % and 5 % today be agency service provide by it company that it sell through into the local marketplace . and within those various bucket , it get typical banner ad , it get video pre - roll . it build a lot of local content vertical whether it ’ export category or if it just marry people that be into plant and garden with advertiser that be landscape architect and thing like that . so it ’ a very , very local business at the individual market level . so it hope that ’ responsive to it question . but it digital business on an all in basis have a lot of individual component to it and it be happy to report that both the ad sale as well as the service revenue and the programmatic video be grow at double - digit rate with the digital programmatic video grow at the high double - digit rate of it all . okay . that ’ very helpful actually . and then just the follow - up on plan for use of free cash flow . as it look down the road , it be look at M&A opportunity ; it certainly indicate that those tend to be the high and good use of free cash flow when it be available . but it be just wonder over the next couple of year , give the visibility that it have in the free cash flow and the potential for it leverage to come down , whether it have any thought on potentially do other thing like more share repurchase or maybe dividend and thing like that ?  . sure . this be Tom and it will take that question . it all come back really to accretive M&A and it be a believer in the industrial logic of that both on a one - off transaction as well as scale combination of transformative transaction . so every dollar that it pay down give it availability to do those accretive m&as . in the mean time , as it mention , it pay down $ 30 million so far this year and it will pay down some more before the end of the second quarter . so the free cash flow go to pay down the revolver and then , in it way of thinking , will be use and redrawn at some point to do accretive M&A. if the accretive M&A do not happen or whatever reason , valuation issue or otherwise , and then clearly it believe it leverage at year - end 2016 , absent any other meaningful transaction will be something approximate three time . and if that ’ in fact that case , it do not plan on stay like at three time for very long because it think it would use some of the free cash to return to shareholder rather than pay down debt . but all of that be assume that no M&A happen in the interim . so it think it ’ kind of a multi - variable equation . really it ’ focus on M&A and reinveste at excellent return on capital rate and M&A. and then if that do not happen , obviously , it do not have a aspiration to be an investment grade company . and so be at three time leverage really do not anybody greatly from that perspective . so it ’ really – it ’ a flexible process and a flexible place it put it in . but it think M&A can be meaningful , especially in light of the fact that every dollar it can use to pay for transaction with debt be a dollar less that it would have to do in term of equity issuance in a meaningful M&A transaction . great . that ’ very helpful .  it . it will take it next question from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo .  . it just have one . Perry and Tom , if it see or have a target in mind that it really , really want from an M&A perspective , would it consider go hostile if it have to ? well , that ’ a hard question to answer generically or in a public form even . but it would say that give the long tail approval process , it board have not – through the SEC and other regulatory , it board have not show a propensity when the question have be ask historically and recently to go into a hostile type of environment . once it have do that , it can not take it back . that then become maybe the last deal that it do or attempt to do . so it do not see it go into any kind of a hostile environment per se . it think down the road , can it outline the benefit of potential combination or thing like that ? and it be pretty democratic , it shareholder all have the same one boat that Tom and I and other shareholder do . so it think that those be thing that it could potentially demonstrate to the marketplace and that the shareholder decide but it do not see it be an aggressor in a hostile way anytime in it tenure and in the near future . got it . and it do have a fundamental question . just in term of local news , it do sound like local news have become healthier , any commentary or color around it portfolio with regard to local news ? well , it continue to expand the amount of local news it do in it marketplace and it think that ’ a testament to – it would not deploy those resource there if it do not think that there will be [ ph ] return on that investment . for example , it just expand it local news in Champaign Illinois in the quarter , add another 2.5 hour a week in a high - profile time period . it think as it move forward , it see opportunity to do that in some of it newly acquire station both in CCA and in Las Vegas . and so , it believe in local news . and it think it say before that it get a player in local news in the marketplace , local news revenue can represent up to 55 % of the ad support revenue on the tv station and that dwarf any other revenue source whether it would be Networth [ ph ] of sport or syndication or anything like that . and so , yes , it think that the demand for local news quickly be move now closer to a political period and even the soft money that ’ try condition the primary voter before the election period and those kind of thing , it be veracious consumer of local news . and so – and particularly in midsize market where it may only have three or four local voice , it think local news be it call card . got it .  it very much . [ Operator Instructions ] and it will take it next question from Davis Hebert with Wells Fargo Securities .  , everyone .  for take the question . it want to ask a question about the local market level . on the call yesterday , Lamar ’s CEO Sean Reilly mention see a pretty robust environment from the local perspective and it say – it feel it be a recovery more on Main Street , not necessarily Madison Avenue . just curious if it be see that sort of robust activity at the local market level ? it think , again , it feel that the medium size market – lot of the headline be write in New York about New York . and it talk to major market operator that be see challenge macro environment vis - à - vis advertising perhaps at the television station level in the most major market . and quite frankly , it be not see that . robust maybe too strong a word when it be predict GDP type growth , but it be see stability and growth and it continue to believe and continue to deliver kind of absent special event and extraneous activity kind of the low to mid single digit here in term of core advertising growth . and again it believe in develop new to television revenue that help to drive some of growth . and it account executive , and local manager , and sale manager be incente to do that rather than just handle advertising agency and exist account . and again , it would say , it ’ a stable and grow revenue source for it that it be very close to those account and business and feel that the local revenue be more sticky than the national revenue . so , it guess , if it want to kind contrast Main Street versus Madison Avenue , it mean it have always be on Main Street , it view really have not change in term of the stability and growth characteristic of local market advertiser . okay , that ’ helpful . and then run some math on the digital commentary , it think it have talk about the digital business stay at $ 75 million a year run rate . and if it look at the Q1 result , it be a little under $ 20 million , which it guess would imply an $ 80 million run rate . be that the right way to look at it ? or be there some seasonality factor there ? just curious if it be perform better than expectation on the digital side . it think there be some seasonality , but quite honestly it seasonality be not material different than television . it think it will see an upswing in Q4 relative to that . also keep in mind that that $ 19.3 million only include two month of Yashi , so it be not three month of the digital video programmatic in that . so it think it be go to see – long way to answer , yes , it ’ over $ 80 million on a run rate currently and it expect it by year - end to be near $ 100 million in run rate . okay . that ’ helpful . and then on the leverage side , in calculate LTM pro forma EBITDA , it get around $ 344 million . just want to clarify if that ’ – if it be in the ballpark there . it have not comment on pro forma EBITDA , so it can neither confirm nor deny . okay . and last question , it bond that it issue recently on the 6.125 % have perform pretty well . just curious how it be think about the 6.875 % bond that become callable later this year , especially relate to the different covenant package between the two ? it be not overly concerned with the 6.875 % covenant package . it give it enough flexibility to operate it business . quite honestly , the first stated call be in November of this year of 6.875 % . it think it will know – it will have a lot more information over the next six month about what the M&A environment look like . it perfect scenario would be to leave those in place and issue more debt and do an accretive M&A trade . if that do not happen , then it have the opportunity because of it relatively light first lien leverage of 2 time relative to 4 time covenant . it could go back and issue more first lien debt to help it offset in a cost buying in or call 6.875 % . it just do not think that that ’ the trade it want to do right now give some of the possibility that it see in front of it from an M&A perspective in the next six month , but it think as it move closer to the call date and as it get more information on potential M&A and the likelihood of something in the reasonable near future , then it can make a more influence decision . okay . and then if it could follow - up on a comment make earlier Tom around the 3 time leverage , it may have miss the timeframe by which it could achieve that . 3 time by the end of 2016 . okay . got it .  it . and it think that ’ consistent with what it say before . it will take it next question from Tracy Young with Evercore . hi , it have get a couple . it be sorry if it miss this , but do it give 2q same station revenue growth , how auto do in Q1 and core expense growth for Q2 do it think . it do not but it think that core same station will be similar to what it have be and will be which be low single digit . and as to Q1 Tracy , it do say that auto as a category all in be down slightly . but if it take out the auto advertising inclement that go to the Olympics , it be actually flat for the quarter . okay . do it have a music license benefit in Q1 ? and how much be that ? it be approximately $ 1 million . $ 1 million , okay . and then lastly , it announce these two affiliation agreement in Lafayette and Waco . be there more market ? generally , be there more market ready to do kind of addition of a network ? potentially , it be not in the business of try to take other people ’s affiliation or anything like that , these be just opportunity . it ’ the play it run in Champaign , Illinois and in Northwest Arkansas where it have two station , one kind of virtually a translator of the other where it be able to multiplex to get the signal around the geographic constraint of the marketplace but also to be able to launch a separate call letter which qualify as a separate station under it distribution agreement , the exact people and additional set of inventory to sell . and so there be a couple of opportunity like that , but nothing it be close to announce right now . and keep in mind these be thing that it just walk down the sidewalk and pick up off the ground . it have to manufacture these . so it ’ something that take a little time . there be some multivariable equation in term of have to deal with the network as well . so these thing do take some time and the development period be not unlike an M&A deal , and that it take month or quarter to develop . okay .  it . it will take it next question from John Kornreich with JK Media . hi , would it care to affirm , it think it once a firm that reaffirm it outlook for double digit net retrain growth in the next “ few year ” ? that have not change . so , yes , it will reaffirm that . okay . and it miss it , so real quickly , it say how many MVPD deal come up this year versus ’ 16 ? what it say , in ’ 15 and ’ 16 , this year and next year in excess of 80 % of it subscriber will be reprise . and that be up against approximately 40 % in 2014 , and that add up to more than 100 % because not every deal be a three year deal .  it , John . [ Operator Instructions ] and it will take it next question from Michael Kupinski with Noble Financial . Michael Kupinski Tom , it think on the – in term of the debt leverage question , it think it 3 time would imply the 0.5 turn low than what it indicate in the first quarter . it think it be say 3.5 . be it just indicate a range of 3 , be that – it be go to be change it guidance there . it be sorry for 2016 ? Michael Kupinski 2016 . it think it say it 3 time and it think in the first quarter it do say 3.5 time . and that really be give a 0.5 low , be it just imply the range ? it think it ’ within the variable that it ’ go to be close to 3 time than 3.5 time . Michael Kupinski okay . and in SC NAB , it think obviously one of the key component come out of the NAB be about , what be talk about programmatic buying and it be wonder if it be see anything that ’ significant in that to date and if it can add something that it plan to embrace ? it be something that it would plan to embrace . it have not see anything of significance to date on the tv station side . obviously it be into digital programmatic in a big way , that ’ what Yashi be all about . it see opportunity to grow that business rather dramatically , both organically and then within it portfolio . but it think that any programmatic can be define a lot of way . it think if it can make it business more efficient to do business with , not from a CPM perspective , but from a buying and paying of invoice and automate that process , it think that will be a huge step forward in get dollar to increasingly flow with the medium . there be no one that it know dispute the value proposition of broadcast television advertising . it ’ just people at the level regard incentive medium to do business with . and it think if it can help to automate the back office process of place order and then pay order , it think if it industry can do that then it it will see a period of sustained growth that maybe great than GDP just because everyone realize the value proposition . Michael Kupinski  . and quite a few broadcaster be actually look at non - traditional revenue , ntr in it local and it be wonder in it local advertising display , do it have any significant ntr in there now or do it plan to have other ntr like light than and thing like that , that may be significant in that as a contributor . it think every quarter , when it go back for half a dozen year , it report on the amount of new to television revenue that it have generate in the quarter and as a percent of it total local and ntr or co - op or anything like that be use as a lever because when it go and talk to a individual car dealer , it do not have an ad budget for the various bucket . it have one ad budget and the good idea be get the money , whether it ’ digital or television or billboard or radio or cars.com . and so it think at the local market level , it have get to have the good idea and it go into that business not to talk about it business and it rating , but it be go to talk about that business and how it can help it so 20 more pickup truck by model day at the end of the month . and if that work , it get invite back the next month . so idea be the current fee and it would say it all the time pull all the lever to get the – to earn the large share market of the local business that it do business with . Michael Kupinski and how much of NTRs account for it local advertising at this point ? it be not sure how it be define ntr , but it would say that non - traditional revenue which be the definition of NTR . it do not know that it even track that . it ’ a tool as oppose to mean to an end and it be glad if other people be discover it , but it think it ’ be a normal course of operation for it since the company be found 19 year ago . Michael Kupinski okay , fair enough .  it . [ Operator Instructions ] and it appear , there be no further question at this time . alright . before it go , it just want to take a moment to recognize it senior management team and it operator some of which be sit around the table here today . the Q1 result that it post be against the backdrop of close on 17 station from CCA close it Phoenix , Las Vegas and Yashi acquisition . and as it know , that involve on the day one of ownership , a new financial system , new accounting system , good traffic system on boarding of hundred of employee and it be happy to report not only the result it be against that backdrop but all of that be do in first quarter . all of those integration be ahead of schedule , all of the synergy be also ahead of expectation . and the good news be , that ’ all in the review mirror . so as it move throughout the rest of this year and next year , the acquisition and integration have be do , and it be now hyper focus and laser focus on operation and maximize the return on the investment that it make . so it look forward to report it second quarter result 90 day from now and it think it will see the benefit of that activity and the integration behind it , because now it be just focus on run the business . so  it all for join it today and it look forward to get together to report it second quarter result three month from now . 