the Oasis team deliver a strong third quarter , exceed it production guidance and spending below it CapEx projection . it also make progress lower it cost structure in reduce debt . the organization continue to focus on per share value driver of cash flow , cash margin , return on investment and capital efficiency , all of which should drive attractive return whether at a well project and corporate level . Taylor will get into more operational detail in a minute , but it want to highlight a few key point about it performance and strategy . first , Oasis continue to execute it measure development program in 2019 and have generate strong free cash flow at the E&P level . it reduce debt by $ 125 million under it Oasis credit facility , drive by that free cash flow , along with cash from divestiture . second , in the Williston , it execute well across the board . it will let Taylor and Michael give more color in a bit , but it have make material progress in reduce it well cost , which should help drive capital lower in 2020 . separately , in a tough a&d market , it be able to divest a small portion of Williston asset during the quarter , bring in about $ 41 million in proceed . third , in the Delaware , it be be a little shy of two year since it announce the Forge acquisition and it have make tremendous progress . the team have be able to secure service and drive operational efficiency , get visibility on takeaway capacity and it continue to make significant progress delineate it position and understand the subsurface across that position . during 2019 , it bring on well across the Wolfcamp A , b and C interval . additionally , it have be able to do multiple small bolt - on acquisition , at attractive price , allow it to increase ownership and block up dsu for long lateral . drilling time and well cost have come down significantly , which should help drive efficiency and low cost go forward . in 2020 , it will essentially shift towards development mode focus on multi - well pad primarily in the Bone Springs and the Wolfcamp a. fourth , it midstream asset continue to provide a competitive advantage , as see in it cost structure , netback , flow assurance and gas capture , where it be currently run about 93 % to 95 % capture versus a North Dakota average of 81 % . as it know , it have make significant investment in this segment over the last several year . and it midstream business have be a critical asset for manage business risk , especially as other midstream company be delay and thus have be delay investment in the Williston Basin . on the heel of it IPO of OMP , in the fall of 2017 , it premier midstream asset generate approximately $ 160 million of EBITDA in 2018 , on add basis . just a year later in 2019 , it expect to generate between $ 260 million and $ 70 million . it continue to look at way to enhance the value of it ownership in these asset . fifth , in August and September , it take step to optimize it G&A cost structure to better fit it business , on a go forward basis . as part of this initiative , it reduce it workforce by approximately 13 % , include the elimination of one of it two ows frac crew . while these type of decision be always difficult , it need to continuously look at way to be as efficient as it can throughout it organization . the team have do a great job and as a result it be trend below it G&A , guidance for the year . and these third quarter action be expect to lower the annualize run rate by about $ 10 million , base on where it be today . it will continue to look for efficiency option to meet investor expectation , as it move through the structural transition that the entire industry be experience today . that include develop creative solution , and do thing differently than it have do in the past . lastly , look forward to 2020 , it anticipate activity level be essentially unchanged since it August call . it be currently plan to run two rig in the Williston . and two rig in the Delaware for most of the year . it would expect fourth quarter 2020 volume , to be up modestly from it fourth quarter 2019 average . this put it on a path to maintain modest growth , reduce debt , and generate free cash flow in a $ 50 to $ 55 world or below . and it will continue to protect these cash flow with an active hedging program . on the capital side , it note last quarter that the consolidated 2020 CapEx be anticipate to be shy of 800 million . at this point it expect to deliver essentially the same plan with much low capex . step back to 2019 , volume outlook be unchanged adjust for the impact of the divestiture . and it be currently keep it capital plan in line with it August expectation . additionally , it lower it operate expense guidance yet again as it be beat expectation for the year . Oasis E&P produce approximately $ 47 million of free cash flow in the third quarter , and 68 million year - to - date remain on track to deliver strong free cash flow for this year . the core business remain strong and it continue to advance it strategic objective , which include size and scale , portfolio diversity , asset quality , and financial strength . with that , it will turn the call over to Taylor .  , Tommy . since it last call , it have make considerable progress in it 2019 program remain on track . it priority remain run an efficient core Wilson program harvesting free cash flow to fund the Delaware while pay down debt . in the Williston , it continue to be encourage by delineation result from step out area . an investor presentation have be update to reflect the late datum from select emerge area in the Williston . as show on page 8 , it and other operator continue to see result in Painted Woods , North Alger , South Cottonwood and Red Bank , which demonstrate the quality of the inventory versus the rest of the basin . well , Oasis will be focus on the heart of the Williston for quite some time . it be impress by the result observe in these step out area . as a reminder , substantially all of it 414,000 acre Wilson position be hold by production , and with the benefit of it position be dominate by fee acreage , it have significant optionality on the pace of development and speed of permit with only about 3 % of it acreage on federal land , it have limit exposure to longer permit cycle time . turn to the Delaware , it continue to observe strong well productivity across the column , include the third Bone Springs and Wolfcamp A , b , and C. step back and look at Delaware well performance as a whole . on average performance have be above it expectation and it have be pleasantly surprise by performance in the low bench . oasis have essentially shift to development mode with it next completion focus on the BIGHORN and ARROWHEAD pad in early 2020 . these unit will be focus on the Wolfcamp A in third Bone Springs . transition to it drilling and completion it cycle time have improve sharply over the past 12 month . it last two mile lateral well have spud to rig release in the 23 to 27 day range versus it first well in the basin that be in the 40 plus day range . drilling time should continue to improve as it optimize well design and increase focus on multi - well pad development . it be currently target well cost of $ 9.4 million for a four well pad , which compare to approximately $ 11.5 million in 2018 . it see this trend to below $ 9 million in 2020 through a combination of service cost improvement and increase efficiency along with continued optimization of drilling and completion design . it tenant of 2020 plan include two rig and approximately 20 to 25 completion . in the Williston , as it speak about last quarter , it be focus on reduce well cost to design change and price concession . it have make progress on both these front since it last speak , and be on track to achieve a $ 7.2 million well cost by year - end versus $ 7.6 million at it August update . it see this potentially turn down another 5 % in 2020 . it tentative 2020 plan would have it run two rig during the year and complete approximately 45 to 55 well . to close , it continue to execute on it 2019 plan focus around an efficient Williston program and prepare the Delaware for full - field development . oasis have benefit from it inventory debt , subsurface and operational expertise as well as the top - notch marketing group . it want to congratulate the team for significant improvement in well cost and capital efficiency , cost control across the business , combine with a keen focus on production optimization in midstream run time . the stride that it have make since the last quarter , have be impressive , and it challenge in team to maintain the relentless focus as it move forward . with that , it will now turn the call over to Michael .  , Taylor . operationally , Oasis be execute well . and remain focused on deliver it 2019 program . it be drive well cost lower , reduce operating cost , G&A , and be generate significant free cash flow , which be supplement by asset sale to further reduce debt . on the operating cost side , it execute well in the third quarter , as a combination of great cost control and high volume lead it to beat it LOE guidance . the team have make great stride , minimize downtime and be proactive and well maintenance . it lower it LOE cost guidance range , for the year . on G&A , it be trend materially below , it original full year guidance . in the third quarter , it take a charge of approximately $ 2.4 million relate to a reduction in force , which be expect to lower the G&A run rate , by approximately $ 10 million . adjust for non - recurring charge , G&A be on pace to be 7 % below original guidance . as Tommy mention , it be able to divest various asset package in the Williston for approximately $ 41 million , which contribute to it overall significant debt reduction during the quarter , well as associate with these divestment come online very recently . the production impact from those divestiture be approximately 330 boe per day in the third quarter , and be expect to be 1.7 MBOE per day in the fourth quarter . it update fourth quarter production guidance be unchanged from the August update , when adjust for the divestiture impact . for full year 2020 , it would expect the divestiture impact to be about 1.1 mboe per day . volume for 2020 be still expect to be high than it fourth quarter average . on 2020 capital , last quarter it have discuss the consolidated number of about $ 800 million and give the progress that it have make in reduce cost . it now believe consolidated CapEx could be approximately $ 750 million . this reduction would be a combination of low well cost on the E&P side , and optimization of capital on the midstream side . and give the trend of well cost , this number could continue to be bias downward . clearly the team , have be focus on the capital and operate cost side and be do an incredible job . on the revenue side , Williston crude differential remain strong in the third quarter , as it marketing team consistently deliver superior realization . in the Delaware , crude differential generally be at parity or premium to WTI as several new long haul pipe come online this year . look in to the fourth quarter , differential be expect to widen modestly from the strong level see year - to - date . but it look like it full year diff will be well than it full year guidance . as it have discuss , it generate significant free cash flow , which allow it to repay a $ 125 million under it Oasis credit facility . it be further secure it future free cash flow generation with over 80 % of the remainder of 2019 estimate oil production hedge at a weighted average floor price of $ 66 per barrel . for 2020 , it have add additional color and swap the detail of which can be find in the in the appendix of it investor presentation . turn to Midstream , it be excited to report Oasis execute final agreement for the dedication of certain Delaware acreage to OMP via the Panther devco . additionally , Oasis have continue to move closer to towards a long - term agreement for gas gathering and processing in the Delaware and it will likely be in a position to elaborate more early next year . total midstream CapEx be $ 37 million in the third quarter and it be trend below it previous full year guidance range . net capex to Oasis attributable to it retained interest be expect to range between $ 14 million and $ 15 million . this exclude Delaware spending , which will be in reimburse by OMP in the fourth quarter . it will be talk in more detail on the o&p call shortly , and it would also direct it to it O&P press release for more color on it continue success on the midstream front . to sum thing up , Oasis have a laser focus on increase operational efficiency reduce cost and maximize profitability . the team continue to execute well and it be in a strong position to deliver repeatable long - term growth significant free cash flow generation and continued reduction of debt . with that , it will turn the call back over to Chad to open the line for question . question - and - answer session  it . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question come from Derrick Whitfield with Stifel . please go ahead . Derrick Whitfield  ,  all and congrat on a strong update .  , Derrick . Derrick Whitfield perhaps for Tommy or Taylor , could it speak to some of the driver behind it target well cost improvement in the Bakken and Delaware and perhaps split out the structural versus cyclical element ? yeah . so really Derek , it be be a combination to talk about both service cost certainly get well on the efficiency and cycle time of the business as well and also a bit of design . it do not have an exact break out for what the component be . it do talk about early in the year it see about a 10 % move on the stimulation side , drill contract in the first half really do not move quite as much in the second half of the year it have see a little bit more acceleration on the service cost side of the business , but there be truly be a big move on like say both the efficiency side of the business and cycle time . so roughly maybe , it be be 50 - 50 in improvement something like that . Derrick Whitfield great . and as it follow up perhaps for Michael be the RPO reduction expect in secondly as it look out to the 2020 spring redetermination . what be it level of confidence that it can retain it current commitment assume similar macro condition ? Derek , what it would say be that not unexpected . it think it have talk about some of the thing on the reserve side from previous year and space that it have , so not surprise on that side . and then the bank certainly have come down pretty considerably on it price deck that it be assume . it do not expect that to continue . it think it have take some conservatism , but it will see where that go . it mean the good thing for it be that it have be able to reduce significant amount of debt under that revolver where it reliance upon the revolver get less than less and it will continue to as it continue to generate free cash flow . so , it percentage utilize continue to go down so it be not as worried about it . Derrick Whitfield make sense .  for it time . the next question come from Michael Hall with HEA . please go ahead .  . maybe just quickly follow up on that line of thought , any commentary or maybe target around line of sight on additional debt reduction in 2020 ? yeah it do not have a specific number right now , Michael . obviously , it have not give kind of full guidance , it be still work through plan , but it be a balance of all the thing that it have talk about how do it over time generate kind of a moderate growth and kind of it repeatable over a long period of time , but generate significant free cash flow and repay that debt . so , it be go be a combination of thing . it have not come up with exact number quite yet , but that will be over the come month . okay . and be there any similar transaction to what it see in the third quarter that maybe it have in it slide ? right now , it do not have additional site on kind of additional sell down if that be what it be refer to . no , it do not have any more right now . okay . and then it be also curious just on the kind of cadence of activity . it guess through 2020 , that be disclosure around the expect -- still expect to see some growth for 4Q versus 4Q , what be the timing of the Delaware Basin completion specifically in 2020 plan currently ? so the Delaware completion will get on those well and start frac and then first quarter and probably kind of January timeframe and it have get a couple of unit the ARROWHEAD and the BIGHORN that it will be frac and those be all multi - well unit . so , it be probably not go to see production on those until really second quarter timeframe . okay . and then from the second quarter be it kind of even cadence from there it guess if it just kind of spread target completion to the rest of the year ? yeah it be go to have fair amount of activity from a stimulation perspective in the first half of the year , a lot of those well come on second quarter and maybe some third and then it be likely to have a bit of a gap until complete some additional pad in 3Q and 4q. as it have talk about in the past , it be really go into development and get the benefit from a cost perspective of do more well in these unit at a time , it just get grouping of well come on . so it be not perfectly spread through the year . but , second quarter third quarter , it may have a bit of a gap and then more in the third and fourth . okay . Michael , from a production profile standpoint , and it do not think it have change anything from it last quarter . it think , it say , a fourth quarter exit rate , it think , at that time those be imply 46 previous divestment , that would be – it be sorry , 86 and would be kind of a little bit high than that for next year . and what it would say be that , it would expect kind of the first half of the year to be a little bit low or it kind of ramp to the back half of the year . so , fourth quarter , 2020 over 2019 should be increase a little bit more . okay . that be helpful . appreciate it , Michael . and then , it guess , on the as it just kind of think big picture about the 2020 Williston program , be it pretty similar program as it relate to kind of the different area where it see completion over the course of 2020 relative to 2019 . the mix across the basin , it guess , strong now . yes . the program next year be really focused . it be primarily Will Basin in Indian Hills . and as it talk about , it will have a couple of rig run and one frac crew . so , it be probably relative to this year , maybe it have a few more well in Red Bank , then what it may see next year , but not a big difference in overall wait really . okay .  guy . appreciate it . congrat on the progress . it next question will be from David Deckelbaum with Cowen . please go ahead . David Deckelbaum  , guy .  , Tommy -- David Deckelbaum -- Taylor and Michael . just want to follow up on conversation around Delaware , the previous exit rate guidance it basically hit in 3q. it just want to confirm where it see Delaware volume now in the fourth quarter . and then it will just ask a follow - up on that . yeah . so it see where it average for the quarter 8,500 and it do it 9,000-plus during the quarter that it be kind of target in -- get the benefit of get more work do early , cycle time have really come down . and so , it be able to drill these well earlier than it originally think , earlier in the year . so that be good news . now , along with that , it be not go to have any more completion in 4q. so it be go to see the volume come down a bit through 4q and then even 1q of next year , and then rebound as it go to 2q and 3q. David Deckelbaum that be helpful , Taylor .  it . and , it guess , if it be run this two - rig program in the Williston , if this be sort of steady state and it be keep the Bakken flattish and maybe plus or minus a percent here and there , should it always be think about the first half of the year just decline seasonally and then pick back up in the back half of the year ? yes . it think that be -- generally with consistent activity that it be generally go to see that . it just get less work do in the winter . it have have this dip and a bit of back load for a number of year . yeah , it think that be a good way to think about it . David Deckelbaum okay . and if it could just ask a quick follow - up , in the press release , it talk about the DD&A rate increase , it get that that be an accounting number . Can it give a little bit of color there , on just some of the reserve assumption for the Bakken and the Delaware that result in the high rate ? yeah . David , so on the DD&A calc , obviously some of that be drive around kind of the reserve side . and it think it talk about in it August call . that the reserve , some of the reserve that it have see from well space test that it have see previous year back have come down a bit . and so , that be affect the DD&A rate . and it do DD&A rate twice a year . and so it be see the impact in the third quarter . David Deckelbaum  , Michael . the next question will come from Gregg Brody with BoA. please go ahead .  , guy . just it be wonder it be wonder if it could provide an update on , sort of the midstream value creation exercise that it be talk about last quarter , and where that stand . sure . the short answer be it do not have an update today . it still -- it think , it have hear it be perform at a great level on that midstream asset it continue to be incredibly strategic , as it have hear a number of operator have some weather issue , have strategic midstream like this , be super beneficial for it as an operator . so , performance have be really strong . it continue to think that the midstream be undervalue . and so , it be commit to kind of eliminate that value . and it will come out with more when it be able to . get it and two more for it , the first one , it reduce it commitment on it revolver voluntarily . Can it explain the rationale for that ? yeah . borrowing base do come down . it mean a combination of reserve that it just talk about . as well as like it say previously bank price deck have come down , quite a bit . both on the oil side and the gas side , a little more conservatism from the bank on that front . so , no surprise , so it borrowing base number come down , it decide to take elect commitment down . one , because there be less of a need for it to have that high revolver number and it do pay fee on what be unused . and so , as it can see , it revolver balance come down pretty significantly . and it basically take elect commitment down to a level where it be pretty even with where it be at the end of the second quarter , in term of how -- what percentage be draw . it think that be a good level for it . and as it continue to repay debt , will be less and less reliant upon it revolver go forward . and that make sense . and then there be a $ 20 million charge it take for a litigation accrual . what do that relate to ? and be that -- how far along be that process . yeah . so the word litigation accrual be associate with -- there be a few lawsuit out there , and it have get a -- no with respect to lawsuit have get a process where it assess the lawsuit , and then what the potential impact of those could be , and base on that assessment it have establish a reserve that represent what that impact could be . if it look that it have get really extensive disclosure on those suit . so , one of it be lawsuit file by Mirada , and it can look into disclosure again and read all about that what would it will tell it be that it think the claim earlier without merit . but it really be fully lay out and all the disclosure . and that be -- be there a timing when it expect that to be -- the process to conclude ? it know , it be hard to predict timing on because of court date and all those thing that move around , so hard to give a definitive date at this point . great , that be helpful . it appreciate the time guy . the next question come from Dun McIntosh with Johnson Rice . please go ahead . please go ahead , Don . perhaps it line be mute on it end . sorry , it be on mute .  guy . it have a quick question on the fourth quarter pricing widen out a little bit , and it be just wonder if it see improvement kind of get back more towards it historical realization next year , and what be kind of some of the driver there ? why move out and if it be go to come back in what be -- where do it see the release come from ? yeah . it think this be a bit of a transient thing it have see . early in the fourth quarter thing widen out a bit . some of it due to kind of Brent TI differential and some other factor . but what it have see in as it be start to look at sell kind of December barrel now , it be actually start to see that kind of come back to more historical level . okay . great ,  . and then on the M&A front , it comment on -- nothing in the pipeline in term of further sale from all in the Williston , but it have have some success this year with bolt - on in the Delaware . it be wonder what that environment look like ? be there still opportunity there for swap and continue to kind of core up that position and what it view -- maybe not from a large standpoint but bit and piece here and there how be that deal flow look ? yeah , it bet . yeah . good news be it really be able to optimize the position and set it up for from more two mile lateral block up more of the acreage do these --both these small deal and trade , and it think there be more opportunity to do that . so , it will continue to work that front . all right . that be it from it .  it . lady and gentleman , this conclude it question - and - answer session . it would like to turn the conference back over to Tommy Nusz for any closing remark .  , Chad . in closing , Oasis continue to lower cost and drive efficiency , put it in a strong position to generate free cash flow , E&P free cash flow and reduce debt . it deep well cost resource base with a strong team behind it put it in a position to succeed , and it look forward to deliver for it shareholder . 