before it turn to this quarter 's financial , it want to bring it attention to a reclassification in it presentation this quarter . specifically , it have reclassify it sport medium business from it Billboard revenue category report to the other component of it Transit & Other revenue category ; and it have reclassify Billboard production and installation revenue from other to Billboard . as it consider 2015 reporting , it believe these change enable it to see a more accurate picture of the underlying performance of it primary Billboard business . in term of magnitude , these change be not significant to any quarter or the year . please turn to Slide 6 , which show a summary of it year - over - year performance of adjusted OIBDA , net income , EPS , fund from operation or FFO and adjust fund from operation or AFFO for the quarter . as it will recall , it begin operate as a REIT on July 17 , 2014 and it close on the acquisition of Van Wagner on October 1 , 2014 . this table adjust for one - time expense , such as restructure charge and be position in 2015 . as it can see , it Q1 2015 REIT comparable result , be net income of $ 1.3 million , dilute EPS of $ 0.01 , FFO of $ 50.4 million and AFFO of $ 49.5 million . those metric be then compare to 2014 on a REIT comparable basis , adjust for gain on disposition , incremental standalone cost , incremental interest expense arise from the formation borrowing and the taxis during 2014 as if it be REIT for the entire year . as it can see , all of the metric be up over the prior year with the exception of net income , which primarily reflect increase appreciation and amortization in 2015 from acquisition and increase interest expense on the acquisition relate debt . now , let it turn to Slide 7 for it consolidated revenue and OIBDA . revenue be up 19.5 % to $ 343.9 million . when it exclude revenue associate with significant acquisition and divestiture , revenue associate with business line it no longer operate and the impact of foreign currency exchange rate , it organic revenue for the quarter be up 4.9 % , a nice acceleration from a fourth quarter growth rate . as it can see in the sidebar , while it have a nearly 2 % lift in Billboards , it Transit & other performance be very strong , up nearly 13 % . adjusted OIBDA increase 20.5 % and it margin increase slightly to 25.3 % . please note the follow ; first , be a strong Transit performance . as it know , Transit franchise expense be at a much high cost as a percentage of revenue than the Billboard business . so , while it be pleased with it revenue growth , the strong mix on the Transit side produce less OIBDA than in equal amount on Billboard . secondly , incremental standalone cost be $ 3.4 million compare to the first quarter of last year , bring it total standalone cost for the quarter to $ 8.4 million . while this be slightly up from last quarter , it be a temporary increase relate to audit cost . go forward , as it say last call , it expect these cost to remain flat at approximately $ 8 million per quarter . lastly , it be give some color on it strategic business development cost , which be include in it expense and it OIBDA . these expense represent investment it be make in people , process and technology that be expect to drive future revenue growth . over the past few earning call , it have hear it talk about many of the activity behind these cost , such as improve it sale tool , enhance it marketing capability , develop a new cloud - base content management display system and it new low - cost small screen digital technology . in the first quarter of 2015 , these cost total $ 2.5 million , and it present it between U.S. and Corporate . it be isolate it , so it can better analyze the underlie performance of it core business . please turn now to Slide 8 , which show it U.S. segment result , which be 91 % of it revenue during the quarter . total U.S. revenue be up 23.1 % on a reported basis , again reflect the acquisition it make last year . on an organic basis , revenue be up 5 % with Billboard up 1.4 % and Transit & Other up 13.3 % , primarily reflect the strength of national advertiser and it Transit business . this reverse the national trend that it see for most of last year . as Jeremy mention , on a total company basis , it revenue be approximately 45 % national and 55 % local in Q1 2015 . it be very pleased with the first quarter performance relate to the Van Wagner business , which be up 9.8 % exclude kiosk , clearly demonstrate the success of it integration process and the strength of the asset in the hand of the new combine sale force . during it year - end earning call and in it 2014 10-k , it disclose that it have acquire Van Wagner 's phone kiosk business in New York City , and that it be not successful in it bid to renew that contract . in Q1 2015 , it have $ 1.6 million in kiosk revenue that will be $ 0 in Q2 2015 . for it information , it supplemental schedule break out five quarter of historical revenue for Van Wagner , include a line item for phone kiosk . another revenue item it would like to mention and where it still have room for improvement be in it legacy U.S. billboard exclude Van Wagner , where first quarter static yield be essentially flat and digital yield be down slightly . it be continue to closely manage both occupancy and rate , make sure that it be use it datum and analytic to price each point correctly , and enhance it sale process to bring more advertising demand , also it supply of board . yield be one of the most important metric it focus on and it expect overall yield to grow over time . at the bottom of this page , U.S. OIBDA grow 18.3 % on a reported basis . it be pleased with this result , especially give the outperformance in Transit . it also reflect the fact that the Van Wagner business be perform right in line with it expectation . OIBDA growth be partially offset by $ 0.5 million of incremental standalone cost and $ 0.5 million of strategic development cost it mention earlier . let it turn now to international operation on Slide 9 . as it have see with other company , report this season , the strong dollar create currency headwind in the quarter , drive it report revenue down 8.8 % . however , on an organic basis , which adjust for foreign exchange , it see an increase of 3.4 % , which include billboard up 3.6 % and Transit & Other up 2.4 % . both Canada and Mexico demonstrate solid growth . the well overall international revenue improvement be offset by both geographic and business segment mix with high - level of OpEx and SG&A year - over - year , result in low margin and OIBDA growth . turn to slide 10 , capital expenditure , it spending in this quarter be $ 13.1 million include $ 6.5 million of maintenance capex and $ 6.6 million of growth capex . during the quarter , it add 23 digital board in total , include seven internationally . as of March 31 , 2015 , it have 582 digital board in total , with 527 in the U.S. and 55 internationally . it 2015 guidance for total capital expenditure remain $ 70 million , include $ 30 million of maintenance and $ 40 million of growth . this include an assumption of approximately 100 new digital billboard , as well as investment in small scale digital display , office upgrade and information technology enhancement . please turn now to slide 11 , for it cash flow for the fourth quarter . this slide show both FFO and AFFO on a REIT - comparable basis to equalize a number of item . the impact of incremental standalone cost , the impact of interest expense relate to it January 2014 debt offering and the impact of restructuring charge relate to severance for key executive that be not replace , the impact of taxis that it would not have incur if it have be operate as a REIT for all period present be also adjust . adjust for these item , reit - comparable ffo for the quarter be up 3.9 % compare to last year 's first quarter and REIT - comparable AFFO be up 14.1 % for the same period . it will note that the first quarter be light of the year , in term of dollar of cash flow . not only be medium spend the light in the first quarter thereby impact OIBDA , though it have seasonally negative working capital as payment be make for employee bonus as well as a significant upfront payment on it revenue share with New York City transit contract . as be typical , work capital will improve throughout the year and be a source of cash in future quarter . please turn to slide 12 on dividend . as it can see it regular cash dividend payment increase 5 % in the first quarter of 2015 . last week , it Board declare another $ 0.34 per share dividend payable June 30 , 2015 . it would like to note that because of the seasonality it just mention , it Q1 regular cash dividend be a very high percentage of AFFO , but this will reverse as it move throughout the year . in addition to the regular cash dividend that it see here , it pay an additional special cash dividend in the first quarter of 2015 , an amount of $ 8.2 million result in it pay out 100 % of it 2014 REIT - distributable income . lastly , Slide 13 present an overview of it balance . at quarter end , the weighted average cost of debt be 4.7 % . it liquidity position be approximately $ 450 million at the end of the quarter , include $ 56 million of cash in an undrawn $ 395 million revolving credit facility , net of $ 30 million of letter of credit outstanding . it will note that it use a portion of this revolver facility in the first quarter for upfront municipal payment and for normal seasonal cash management purpose . as of March 31 , the drawdown be pay off completely and the balance draw on the revolver be zero and it remain so today . it net leverage be 4.9 time as of March 31 , up from 4.7 time at year end . this increase be temporary , reflect the seasonal nature of it cash flow combine with the additional $ 100 million borrowing , from 5.625 % senior note due 2024 . it target range for net leverage be unchanged . it be committed and expect to be 3.5 time to 4 time by the end of 2016 as previously indicate . overall , it be very comfortable with it balance sheet money strength and liquidity and expect to further delver into it target range through a combination of growth in OIBDA and debt pay down while maintain a healthy and grow dividend for it shareholder . it will now turn it back over to Jeremy .  it , Don and please now , turn to slide 15 . firstly , let it take a moment on it business outlook for the second quarter . at this point , it current total revenue growth expectation be that Q2 be likely to be in the low single - digit range with continued outperformance in Transit relative to Billboard . as usual , this outlook only represent it view at this point in time , and be on a constant dollar basis . please note that it also include revenue attributable to the Van Wagner outlet for both period that exclude revenue that be part of the New York City kiosk business . so , as it look forward , it be still see nice trend in National and it be certainly pleased with it Transit business , but it would like to see a bit more growth in it Billboard business , where it benefit from the high operating leverage that this segment enjoy . it spend time in it last earning call , outline it digital strategy in some detail . it want it to know that it be also move along as plan . this include technology enhancement for how it transact business with it customer , new sale tool and technology for it sale people and new digital technology that will let it advertising customer engage with people in dynamic new way . it will see in here , more about all of these as it progress through the rest of this year . it have be say for the last 20 year , that it be a very exciting time to be out - of - home , and it know what , it still be , particularly in the U.S. market where there be exciting new technology and analytic that will make it proposition even more impactful for brand as it go forward . so , with that , operator , let it now , open the line for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] and it go first to Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan . hi . this be Julia Yue one for Alexia . first of all , great to see improvement in it revenue trend in national advertising . Could it give some more color on how relationship with medium , buyer and planner be change , in term of how it be educate it to factor it more effectively ? and be it ask for any capability in particular that may convince advertiser to shove some of it budget outdoor ? and it have a follow up . it will take that . so , it guess the first thing to say be that , it be try to re - orientate it sale team , it national sale team in particular , more towards the medium planner , the medium strategy and to client and in fact , it have have a sort of sale force reorganization that be specifically direct people if it like , away from , if it like the classic trading environment of it national medium , which be typically with the out - of - home buyer , towards those other category , high up the food chain . it think whenever it start talk to advertiser , what people want be increase information about audience , so exactly who be it go to reach at a particular point in time and to whatever extent it can to be able to show , okay , what be go to be it return on investment for any give dollar that it be spend . it be really that be where it be spend a lot of time , if it like , work on it data analytic so it be go to enable those advertiser to better make those intra - medium decision . it have say before that it continue to believe that when it look at U.S. out of home and it compare it to other market , it be really that national sector that it have most upside . it be a fact that the top 100 advertiser be still spend less than 2 % of it ad dollar on out - of - home against a national average of closer to 5 % , and if it compare it to other key market around the world , there be probably about 25 % less disposed towards out - of - home than it believe it could be . so , it be go to keep work on it . it be not a question of flick a switch . it think some of it data development later in the year will help the process and that be where it be put a lot of it time . Donald Shassian Julia , it have a follow on ? yeah .  . then also , as it convert more digital board and start use more technology base transaction method to sell ad space , how do it think it will affect the visibility and to the business and perhaps volatility as the length of contractor likely to be short and advertiser may start buy ad space closer to the launch of it campaign ? to be honest , it think , that be actually a good thing , Julia , what it do , it give it a lot more flexibility as it go forward , to be able to react to advertiser demand . it be a fact at the moment that a lot of people consider that out - of - home -- it know what , it be just a little bit too difficult , because it have to lay down too early , it be difficult to get sign . it can now be , far more reactive through it digital asset than it have ever be able to before and that really just , hit very well with client advertise spend pattern . so , it think , as it become more adept as it increasingly smooth , what be , it talk -- before , it have use the word , somewhat clunky buying process , it think , as it smooth that out in the future , that will actually work for it rather than against it . and , it be just a fact that , dollar come later in today 's medium market . great . that be very helpful .  it . it be go to go now to Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo .  . it have two question . the first , it increase in National as a percent of revenue to 45 % , be that drive just by the growth that it be see or be that a function of Van Wagner be add to the mix ? then , the second question be , be there any update on the RFP for the New York City transit contract ?  it .  Marci . it will take both of those . the principle reason for the shift , it be previously around 60 - 40 and now it be 55 - 45 be principally down to Van Wagner , whose asset be far more disposed towards national advertiser and that it be -- it be very dominant in New York and LA , which be where national advertiser want to be , and that be one of the reason that it be -- it honestly believe that Van Wagner marry so well with it legacy business . with regard to the MCA , it will probably remember on the last call , it think , it say , it be expect to see something from April , that do not happen . unfortunately , this be one of those thing where it do not control the timing . it guess , it will probably see it in the second quarter , but it guess , the important point be that , whenever it come , it be ready . it have be spend a lot of time as it can imagine work on the response from what it presume the anticipate RFP be go to request and without wish to sound arrogant for a second , it remain confident that it be well place in order to response of that RFP when it do come out . it would imagine that the later it be , the well it be for it , give that it would take somebody else come in quite a bit of time to actually put up the structure that it need to ? well , it think from the point of view of the absolute structure , it think a lot of the RFP may well be about develop new structure , if it like particularly , it be guess with a more digital trust , so that , from when the new contract period start , but let it put it this way , all the while that it have not have it , it be fine . as it say , whenever it come , it be ready . got it .  it , very much , and it go now to Aaron Watts with Deutsche Bank . afternoon guy . curious on the growth it be experience on the Billboard side of the house , be it it sense it be more money come to the space overall , it be take some share , [ indiscernible ] just any thought there .  Aaron . it guess , there be a couple of point . it mean , when it look at the growth that it enjoy in the first quarter , towards 5 % , it suppose the first point be that , it be a little bit early to talk about whether or not it be take share , because it have not see the number for the other home market as a whole and indeed not all company have report . so , it do not think that be something it can particularly comment on . when it look at ad business , there be no doubt at all that , Transit have be strong , as it say on the call , it would actually like to a see a little bit more strength in it Billboard business . it think it be also maybe make the point that , it say that it continue to give separate information for Van Wagner and it will continue to do so , but increasingly when , client and agency look at it business , it do really see it now as one business , and that be certainly how it be view it overall performance in the Billboard market . okay . that be helpful . then , it guess , separately , think about M&A opportunity , it know , those opportunity come across it desk all the time . Can it maybe just talk about scale of the opportunity it be look at , what be the kind of spread between the [ indiscernible ] at the moment on multiple and how high a hurdle that be set for get something more do ? then also , be it at all limit due to the fact that it leverage be a little bit elevated come out of the Van Wagner deal ? do that preclude it from maybe take advantage of some of those opportunity ? it guess , that be -- there be a couple of thing there . it mean , the first be that , it believe one of the key success for it business last year be acquire what it feel be the good set of independent asset that be out there in term of the Van Wagner asset when it become available . when it look around now , it be probably , at any one time , look at four or five deal . some of it can be quite small , it can be , whatever it be , 6 to 10 board , and some of the man may get up into the whatever 40 , 50 board and therefore into the sort of handful of million of dollar category . it do not think it feel particularly feel hamper by it current leverage . one thing it be find and it think it be fair to say be that , there have be some operator who have see some of the multiple that have be out there in the market and not just it multiple over the last six month and automatically sort of assume that it asset may , would carry -- have an accounting value than certainly it would price on it . it have say more than once , to operator who be interested in sell it business that , [ indiscernible ] . Donald Shassian and here , if it may add , it spend about $ 9.9 million on four small acquisition in the first quarter and it will continue to look at those acquisition that meet it qualitative and quantitative . it second question about , do it have any limited flexibility on large transaction , because the leverage -- it be go to say , it do not believe that it be limited , now it transaction have to be with 100 debt that could be a piece of equity . it real key for it be find the right qualitative and quantitative transaction that be go to grow and be accretive to AFFO per share . so , it think that it have get a solid balance sheet , it have get a pass to be able to de - lever . it do not think it have a lot of very large transaction out there but , it will be quite mindful about how to finance , but it do not take it out of the market for look at thing , whatsoever . great . appreciate the thought .  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it now go to Tracy Young with Evercore ISI . hi , it have two question , the first relate to the yield per board on the digital side . be there any for it to think about it ? be it related to inventory or it about education and sale force ? anything it could help it with that would be great . then , in term of National , be there any category that it see improve in the quarter , year - over - year ?  . Donald Shassian yield be , sort of it have really see a dip on the digital side . it be not sure one quarter be a trend as of yet . it be really try to educate all of it sale people on the value of it board and spend a lot of time in analyzing and understand and get it to really price these appropriately . so , it do not think it be a pricing issue necessarily , there could be a little bit of occupancy that be sort of build into that , but it really think there be still an inherent organic growth in the business , by really focus on the value of these board , digital specifically , and the question earlier about thing be sell to short flight time if it would , it think that create more value for these board , and more pricing perspective for it . that can give it more leverage . in term of the second part of that question Tracy , it really prefer to comment on category trend over time and that it think a trail 12 month be probably a well way of look at it , because to be honest , it can get some spike go on just dependent upon what a particular advertiser , objective 's might have be in term of new product launch or whatever in a particular quarter , but just to give a little bit of color , on Transit , which be obviously the main growth driver of the business in the first quarter , that free sort of prime mover road for it be financial service and telecom utility and professional service . if it look at the business as a whole , the three most significantly grow category be computer , internet , financial service again , and also retail .  it , very much . look at the legacy business only if it would , which be the most accurate datum , to be able to give it that perspective . okay .  it . and it will go now to Jason Bazinet with Citi .  . a question for Mr. Male . it think when it have ask it this in the past , it sort of say it be an irrelevant metric , and so maybe that be still true , and maybe it can educate it as to why it be irrelevant , but in term of mile drive , it know , those number have go down for year and now it seem to have rebound a bit . Can it just explain why that do not manifest it in sort of revenue tailwind for it ? it guess , for a number of reason really . it mean , it guess , the first point be , that actually , 30ish percent of it business be actually direct at public transit , where actually public transit audience for example be grow . so , in that area , it be [ indiscernible ] audience be up , therefore number of eyeball be up , therefore it believe that it should be able to command high rate . in term of total mile drive , it be just one metric . it mean , a lot of it inventory be pedestrian orient , in a number of these market . it be also , the speed of those , the speed of travel can be very important in other way , actually dwell [ ph ] time be it get with -- what dwell [ ph ] time be it get with it board . so , it guess , it be not say it be irrelevant . and if so , it would not go as far as to say that , but it would just say , it be one piece of -- it be just one metric in a range of metric that it will be talk to it client about . Can it remind it what the -- it assume there be some sort of auditing or mechanism or something that tell a buyer how many car travel by a billboard or something to the extent it be not transient . Can it just remind it of the delay or the mechanism by which that ultimately manifest it in the pricing for a board ? so , every board across the country , be it ours or other , there be an audience measurement system that come through the TAB , which be a jointly fund organization by the medium owner and the medium and the buy side , and what that tell it be who and how many people pass it board on a weekly basis . so , it can actually give a rating for any board across the country , say , take into account the demograph that it want to hit , and it use that information when it sell . it think it could probably use it well to be honest . when it look at it business , around the country and it have be to most of it office now , it think a number -- it think a lot of it pricing be actually base on legacy , it be base on what the board have always be price at in the past rather than necessarily if it like the quality of the demograph and number of people it be achieve , when Dom be make some comment earlier in term of yield , it think it be one area that it flag up right at the start , when it be on it ipo roadshow , this be an area of opportunity for the business , it know what it be still mostly opportunity , because actually it be that piece that it think it need to do quite a bit more work on as it go forward . and it go now to Davis Hebert with Wells Fargo Securities good afternoon .  for take the question . just want to start with Van Wagner , up almost 10 % year over year , just wonder if it could drill down on that a little bit , be that an easy comp year over year , be it execution under sort of the out - front umbrella , just wonder if it could provide any color on that . it do not think it be a particularly easy comp . that be not as it see it . it have put the business together in the final [ indiscernible ] last year , it reorganize it sale force so that pretty much from January , this year , it have one sale force , market both set of asset . and as it say a little bit earlier , it think it have to be a bit careful now when it look at how , at that business versus the legacy business because it client be not really think about it like that . it be think , it be buy from out front , part of it be obviously geographic . when it look at it , actually it New York business and it LA business generally be pretty strong in Q1 . so , part of it will just be that it asset also be in those geography that perform well , if that help at all Davis . that help very much . then on cannibalization , it transit result 's very strong . be it see any dollar shift out of static billboard and similar to digital ? it mean , be it see any digital dollar take share from the static side ? let it take the second piece first . it think one of the strength of it portfolio of asset when it compare it to other portfolio in the market , be that it have get this great transit business . so , in a way , whatever it objective be , it message be that it have get the good medium for it client news . it be a fact that -- there have be a couple of advertiser who this year have be more disposed towards in the first quarter anyway , more disposed to transit than the billboard . it have see a bit of money shift over and it guess , the fact that , it have get those asset very much benefit it . in term of digital versus analog , it have be very cautious and it say right the way along that it want to have a very measure build out on digital to minimize any cannibalization or attrition from it analog board . in any give market , when it look at invest in digital , it will take into account the fact that a , it be go to lose an analog board in order to convert , but also it will be take a small portion of revenue from those other board in the area , and it build that in when it do it IRR calculation to make that investment decision . okay , helpful . then last one for it , Clear Channel Outdoor mention have some hope around a resolution in the digital board situation in Los Angeles and it know it be a small part of the pie for it , but just curious if it be expect anything positive on that front . as it rightly say , it be a much small piece of the business , within it legacy business , it have 12 board in LA , whereas Clear Channel have sort of 80 plus . so , that be relatively a big piece for it and it be very quick out of the gate in fact in convert those digital asset to static , so that it would start take revenue on those board , early after that decision be first make . it think it be very hard to be specific in term of when it be likely to see a resolution to that . it think it would be fair to say that it be not bank on see anything within the next six month or so for sure . okay ,  it , very much . and it will go now to Bryan Goldberg with Bank of America .  . just a quick one for Jeremy .  for the color on second quarter trend . it be just wonder , what -- how would it characterize it level of visibility right now on the low single digit performance play out and sort of what be the big swing factor it should be think about as it enter the summer period and the end of June ? it guess , the first point be that , and it do reiterate this , this be -- it be give some color if it like at a particular point in time and it be fair to say that it be now , in week of the 13 week quarter . so , it guess that be one point . it think it be also worth say that , increasingly as it discuss a little bit earlier on this call , money do come late and it think it need to take that into account . so , when it look at it , one category , that actually be not that strong for it in Q1 that it think be go to come back , it think movie be go to start with the slate it have , it think that be likely to be an increase in category as it go through the year , but beyond that , that be probably all it would like to say right now . 