first , an overview of it result . as a reminder , unless state otherwise , all comparison of it Q1 fiscal year 2015 financial result be to Q1 of fiscal year 2014 . first quarter net revenue be $ 216.7 million , represent 6.8 % growth , non - gaap operating income of $ 44.1 million be an increase of $ 1.7 million or 4 % . non - gaap EPS of $ 0.78 per share be $ 0.08 per share high than the prior year , an increase of approximately 11 % . it want to highlight a few key point on it financial result for the quarter . first , it financial result be well - than - expect , with revenue and earning per share exceed guidance . it also do well - than - expect on operate margin in the quarter with it Q1 operating margin come in at 20.4 % , just above the low end of it long - term target range of 20 % . second , it be very pleased with the improvement it be make in the business that be strengthen gross margin . it gross margin of 53.2 % remain above it long - term range of 50 % to 52 % . even with the strong increase in revenue from consumer product , which generally have low margin , it operation and in - house manufacturing expertise provide enormous competitive advantage as the low - cost producer of headset with the high quality . it focus on continuous improvement in all area of the business have result in low cost of good sell through a variety of effort , include engineering change , supplier cost control , improve inventory management , as well as facility improvement , which drive low overhead rate due to low total cost and increase production capacity . third , it complete the reimplementation of it ERP system during the quarter . it successfully cut over to the new system with limited business impact and be feel confident about it new platform . this new system will be instrumental in support global process , scale well to support high revenue and transactional volume , improve global datum and analytic and reduce it cost of maintenance on the system . now it will cover revenue in more detail . total net revenue for the first quarter of $ 216.7 million be up $ 13.9 million , or 6.8 % compare to the first quarter last year , most of which be drive by 15 % growth in it Europe and Africa region . the E&A region experience growth in revenue from product in the traditional Office and Contact Center , UC , as well as mobile product . in addition , in the U.S. and the Asia Pac region , it experience growth in mobile revenue , drive by strong product portfolio that be well receive in the retail market . in addition , U.S. and Asia Pac also see growth in UC revenue , offset by year - over - year decline in the core Office and Contact Center revenue . growth in the U.S. and Asia Pac region be approximately 3 % and 13 % , respectively . the follow be key product line comparison to Q1 last year : enterprise net revenue of $ 152.4 million be up roughly $ 1.2 million and 1 % ; UC be a driver for that growth with core enterprise be down year - to - year , due to an unusually strong quarter in the prior year ; UC revenue of $ 49.2 million be up $ 7.1 million and approximately 17 % over Q1 of the prior year ; consumer net revenue of $ 64.3 million be up roughly $ 12.7 million and 25 % , drive primarily by growth in it stereo product , include the introduction of it new backbeat FIT product . mobile Bluetooth product also experience strong growth , aid by the launch of it new Voyager Edge product ; growth in revenue from it consumer product be strong across all region of the world . non - gaap gross margin be well - than - expect at 53.2 % , that be up 60 basis point compare with last year 's margin of 52.6 % . it shift in product mix toward mobile and UC product bring down average product margin by approximately 220 basis point compare to the prior year 's gross margin . however , this decrease be more than offset by cost reduction mention above , which reduce component cost and overhead rate . in addition , excess and obsolete inventory charge be down by over $ 1 million compare to the prior year . non - gaap operating expense be $ 71.1 million , up $ 6.9 million , due primarily to increase in headcount , annual salary increase and increase in variable pay associate with it strong result . in addition , it have high it - relate spend , primarily associate with it Oracle go - live activity and high legal expense associate with an ongoing litigation . offset these increase be a benefit of $ 2 million it record in the quarter from a litigation settlement . as a percentage of revenue , operating expense be 32.8 % , that be up 110 basis point from the prior year of 31.7 % . it non - gaap operating margin be 20.4 % , down slightly from 20.9 % in the prior year . it effective non - gaap tax rate for the quarter be 27 % . as a result of all these item , it Q1 non - gaap net income of $ 33 million be 7.8 % high than a year ago , yield non - gaap eps of $ 0.78 , up $ 0.08 and approximately 11 % from last year . now for some balance sheet and cash flow highlight . it finish the quarter with $ 437 million in cash and investment on it balance sheet , and generate over $ 29 million in cash flow from operation during the period . of the $ 437 million in cash and investment at quarter end , approximately $ 11 million be domestic . it use $ 12.4 million to repurchase share during the quarter . it DSO be 63 day , up from 54 day at the end of Q1 of the prior year . the increase be due in part to less time and focus spend during the quarter on customer collection activity as a result of it ERP implementation in the quarter . it estimate that it ERP focus increase DSO by approximately 7 day . in addition , the timing of billing within the quarter add approximately 3 day to it DSO compare to the same quarter in the prior year . it should be note that it be a book - and - ship model with 48-hour delivery target . as a result , billing linearity trend be drive by relatively short - term fluctuation in demand and seasonality in it business . backlog number and billing linearity should not be use as an indicator , nor be it reflective of any long - term business trend or significant fluctuation in business demand . turn to it capital expenditure . it Q1 investment be approximately $ 7 million , and slightly over 3 % of net revenue . expenditure include a large deposit on the construction of a new smart working facility in it european headquarter in the Netherlands , Santa Cruz facility improvement and equipment and tooling for it operation . depreciation expense on a GAAP basis for Q1 be $ 4.6 million , up $ 0.6 million from the prior year . now turn to the outlook . it believe that total net revenue for it second fiscal year -- second fiscal quarter end in September , will be in the range of $ 210 million to $ 220 million . this focus assume growth -- this forecast assume gross margin to be approximately flat to slightly up from the current quarter . depend on revenue mix and other factor , it believe it GAAP operating income will be approximately $ 35 million to $ 40 million , and non - gaap operating income of approximately $ 42 million to $ 47 million . the GAAP reconcile item it expect in the second quarter include approximately $ 7 million in stock - base comp expense and purchase accounting amortization before tax . although the low end of this non - gaap operating margin range be just below it long - term target range , it do expect to make up for this with a high profitability in the second half of the year . it guidance include an expect spend of approximately $ 1.9 million on GN litigation in Q2 . as a reminder , it be include GN litigation cost as part of it non - gaap result base in it policy for non - gaap reporting . the GN lawsuit be in the discovery phase and the impact to operate income from the associated legal expense be particularly difficult to forecast . actual expense can vary significantly from it forecast . similar to last quarter , include in it non - gaap guidance be a $ 2 million benefit to operating expense , which it will receive as part of a bind agreement with one of it competitor to dismiss litigation . in addition , it have recently settle a second separate lawsuit in it favor . as a result , it non - gaap guidance also include this benefit that be expect to be $ 2.2 million and will be record as a reduction to it operating expense in the second quarter . it non - gaap tax rate for the quarter be expect to be 27 % , and it be anticipate a full year tax rate of 27 % . base on all of the above , in the second quarter , it expect GAAP EPS of $ 0.60 to $ 0.68 per share and non - gaap EPS to be $ 0.72 to $ 0.80 per share , on average diluted share outstanding of approximately $ 42.5 million . with that , it will open the call for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question be from Dave King . David M. King - Roth Capital Partners , LLC , Research Division it guess , first off , in term of the guidance -- the revenue guidance , it look pretty healthy and pretty strong with 11 % kind of -- use the midpoint , 11 % revenue growth imply . it guess , understand that it be not break it out in the same way go forward in term of the 4 different segment . but just kind of try to look for some color , it guess , how should it be think about that in term of enterprise versus consumer ? particularly amidst what it be see on the mobile side and not enough supply necessarily even to meet demand but then , maybe along those line can , some of it prior comment about expect a reacceleration in UC , hopefully , as it head into year end , et cetera . any color would be greatly appreciate . Pamela J. Strayer sure . it be go to handle that question . so first , if it take a look at it enterprise number , it expect that it be go to be relatively flat quarter - over - quarter . but if it look at the UC portion of that , that be a pretty growth rate from UC number in Q1 of the prior year . on consumer side , Q3 be typically it high watermark for consumer revenue because of the holiday . so that be also bake in to it guidance number . S. Kenneth Kannappan let it just kind of address part of it question , it think , may have be about kind of the long - cycle build . and it be still believe that . it think that the total ecosystem deployment out there , a significant quantity , be still on IM and presence , with Voice yet to be deploy . in addition to which it have a significant number of company that be move forward with pilot proof of concept , other stage in the process , that it think be go to come on stream , not in the current quarter , and most of it , start in , even in the next calendar year . so it continue to believe that it be look at a very significant growth opportunity go forward . David M. King - Roth Capital Partners , LLC , Research Division that be very helpful , Ken and Pam . and then , it guess , in term of think about the earning guidance , it sound like , call it , so that be about 18 % growth use the midpoint versus the 11 % on the top line , so it seem like some of that be low share count . it sound like a little bit of that may be gross margin . but then also , it guess , just some benefit on the expense side . Pam , can it kind of walk it through what the different expense thing be again , just real quick ? so it sound like there may be a few thing -- still may be a couple of thing that be outsize in the second quarter as well , but then also , it may be come down , too ? so any color there would be helpful . Pamela J. Strayer yes , so to break it out , it mean , as it have disclose in the past , it have get $ 2 million benefit that it be record in Q2 , really , every quarter this year . so there be a $ 2 million benefit there . there be a new lawsuit that be settle , which add another $ 2 million to that . so it have get roughly $ 4 million , $ 4.2 million in benefit . if it take those out , it base level of operating expenditure , it be expect to be up about $ 2 million from Q1 . so it be expect about $ 73 million before GN expense and before the litigation benefit . that increase , quarter - to - quarter , be go to be due primarily to merit increase that kick in , in the second quarter for the full quarter . it next question come from John Bright . John F. Bright - Avondale Partners , LLC , Research Division so it will stay with the question , the same amount of question it start with . the OpEx during this quarter be high than the revenue growth , but it look like , Pam , that next quarter , that be where it be go be within either at or below revenue growth . be that a fair statement ? Pamela J. Strayer yes , that be a fair statement . John F. Bright - Avondale Partners , LLC , Research Division okay . Ken , this be more of the philosophical question that it and it have before . be it at an inflection point , do it think , yet ? and it see adoption ? S. Kenneth Kannappan let it put it this way . if it be say that , be the growth go to suddenly accelerate at this point , it answer would be not yet . it think that it be go to see growth , but it do not think it have yet hit the point that there be a real change in that growth rate in a positive way . John F. Bright - Avondale Partners , LLC , Research Division where do it think it be if it be to call that a baseball game ? S. Kenneth Kannappan well , honestly , it still think that it be roundabout the first couple of batter in the game . it mean , the fact of the matter be , that most organization be not use voice uc at this point in time . and it think this be evolve towards heavy soft client voice usage overall . so it have get , it guess be , around 5 % or so of knowledge worker ' top use voice uc at this point in time . so there be a tremendous 20x relative to where it be growth . now again , that be -- some of that be go to take quite some time to adopt . but it think it be go to see the beginning of more substantive [ ph ] growth over the next 2 , 3 year . and it expect to see some of that begin next year . and then , in the meantime , it think it will still grow . John F. Bright - Avondale Partners , LLC , Research Division in the prepared text of Ken , it think it be Ken , might have be Pam , regard the BackBeat , the new rollout , it mention supply constrain for an extended period . why be the supply constrain ? what component may be define ? what would it say an extended period be ? and what maybe the expect impact may be ? S. Kenneth Kannappan so that be it comment , and to be clear , it do have a component in that product . it be an advanced product in a number of way . and it do not want to identify the component at this point in time , but suffice to say that there be a , unfortunately , a very , very long lead time for that supplier to add capacity . it do not , at this point in time , see an effective alternative to supplement that capacity . and so , it rather quickly ramp beyond it expectation and a little bit beyond it expectation on the product . and so , unfortunately , that be where it will be for some period . it next question come from Mike Latimore . Ryan MacDonald - Northland Capital Markets , Research Division this be Ryan MacDonald on for Michael Latimore . Ken , it believe it talk about , in it opening comment , about -- with UC , there be that -- it sound pretty hopeful follow some of the Microsoft developer conference and also the Cisco developer partner conference . Can it talk about how -- the dynamic in that UC business ? and be it still predominantly Lync - drive or have Cisco start to become a big driver of UC than it be a year ago ? S. Kenneth Kannappan well , it be a little reluctant to comment on it business . it think that , that be something it should let it do and third - party analyst primarily do . suffice to say that it be both very important partner for it , and it be continue to see good business and good partnership with both of it . Ryan MacDonald - Northland Capital Markets , Research Division okay . and for UC revenue , in general , for plantronic , it mean , be the backlog higher now versus the March quarter ? S. Kenneth Kannappan so -- it be sorry , that be on UC ? Pamela J. Strayer S. Kenneth Kannappan so the trick be it really do not think about backlog the way it do , and let it just kind of explain what it mean by that . at any moment in time , it will have a tiny amount of backlog because customer , typically it do not order from it , it order from typically an si who be order from a distributor who be place order on it , and it be all turn very , very quickly . it do not deal with a lot of formal backlog . now it do have project pipeline that it track for it customer , where it be indicate what the size of it rollout be , what it plan deployment timeline be . sometimes , it know roughly how much it all get . often , it do not . often , it have it product and competitive product on internal website and people will just select what it want , and it do not necessarily know what be come to it or the exact timing of it . but even with all of that , it mean , frankly , it be not necessarily accurate . now , that be definitely not formal backlog . although , over time , it do turn into business . Ryan MacDonald - Northland Capital Markets , Research Division okay . and in term of , to the extent that it be track say , those project pipeline , be it see more in term of like UC deployment , or UC headset deployment , be it see -- be there a shift on the way that corporation be deploy those ? it mean , be it see more corporate - wide deployment ? or be it still mostly on , maybe like a division - by - division basis with large company ? S. Kenneth Kannappan well , so -- it mean , company do not deploy this without an intention to go corporate wide . have say that , if it be a large company , the ordinary path on that be it do tend to be business unit by business unit . now it be -- and even within the business unit , it be kind of geography by geography . it can understand how that work . if it be in a particular location , it always turn out the surprising amount of communication be with the other people that it work with in a very local manner and the IM tool , and of course , the peer - to - peer voice tool , work very well and people gravitate to it very quickly , the click to call , the conferencing , all that type of stuff . so for a large company , it will always see that pattern go division by division . it be just too monstrous for a huge organization with , say , several hundred thousand people to do a cold turkey , full corporate changeover , it do not ever go to happen that way . it next question come from Tavis McCourt . Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division it just want to make sure it understand the OpEx . so this quarter , there be a $ 2 million gain relate to a litigation settlement . and in the next quarter , it expect that to be roughly $ 4.2 million gain , be that the right way ? Pamela J. Strayer yes , that be correct . Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division and any potential for further gain throughout the year , or be that -- it should be -- that should be the 2 quarter ? Pamela J. Strayer no , that be all it be aware of at this point . S. Kenneth Kannappan it have mention that there would be some gain in Q3 and Q4 , right ? Pamela J. Strayer right . so yes , okay , to clarify , it do mention earlier , it have get gain of $ 2 million in Q1 , $ 2 million in Q2 , and then roughly , $ 1.6 million in each quarter , Q3 and Q4 , relate to the settlement that be announce earlier this year . so those be still come . Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division okay , so for the September quarter guide , it be just a $ 2 million gain and [ indiscernible ] . S. Kenneth Kannappan a total of , well , $ 4.2 million . Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division plus another $ 1.6 million in December ? S. Kenneth Kannappan Pamela J. Strayer Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division okay . okay , and then on the BackBeat Pro , it be wonder if it could give it a sense of , obviously , it be a great product . it be just try to get a sense of the size of that stereo bluetooth market . it guy have obviously come to become the market leader in Mono Bluetooth . what be the relative size of those market , just so it can kind of , it guess , size the opportunity for that product line ? S. Kenneth Kannappan sure . it mean , first of all , the market be only so discrete , by which it mean that the bluetooth stereo market have a very adjacent market of corded solution that people often do use with those product . a little less so on the mono side , where the category of cord product have largely evaporate . so it be just worth have that as context . so relative to the Bluetooth - only portion of the stereo market , it be clearly small than the mono market today , but it be grow much more rapidly . and it will become , at some point in time , most likely , large than the Mono category , if these current trend continue . it also expect over time , that it will pick up a large portion of that corded stereo market . Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates , Inc. , Research Division got it . so as of today , a small market but grow quite rapidly . S. Kenneth Kannappan [ Operator Instructions ] it next question come from Yi - Dan Wang . Yi - Dan Wang - Deutsche Bank AG , Research Division it have a few question . first of all , on the traditional enterprise sale that it report , it can see that the comparison be a bit tough , but the size of the decline seem to be big than specially what it have anticipate , and it would be great , Ken , if it could put some additional color around that ? and then , let it start with that . S. Kenneth Kannappan sure . it really would tell it that it think that it be primarily a function of the year - ago period have be strong , relative to some kind of pen - up upgrade cycle come out of the recession , as well as some timing issue that just happen to fall that quarter , relative to both deployment and distributor ' activity . so that , in it mind , be the primary explanation . Yi - Dan Wang - Deutsche Bank AG , Research Division okay . it mean , if -- it be kind of look at the quarterly number it have see in that business , and this be the third quarter that it have see a fairly sizable decline over the last , it suppose , 6 quarter . be there anything -- there be not anything unusual with the currency that would have shift it report number versus what it would see operationally ? S. Kenneth Kannappan not really . there be not big currency swing during that particular period . Yi - Dan Wang - Deutsche Bank AG , Research Division okay . and then , it guess , Europe seem to be quite a bit strong as well . be there any reason for that , that it should be aware of ? S. Kenneth Kannappan it think that it be -- at least in it mind , it be -- portion of Europe be , such as the U.K. , be experience some rebound in economic condition that allow for a little bit more replacement of cycle activity . and in some portion where it have a little bit of pickup , it think there be , again , this little bit of pen - up demand be there . Yi - Dan Wang - Deutsche Bank AG , Research Division okay . and then , lastly , on the gross margin improvement that it guy have achieve , how much scope be there for further improvement over and beyond what it have see this quarter ? and how long would that last for ? Pamela J. Strayer yes . so it would say , in the short to mid term , probably not a lot . it do have low than what it expect be normal e&o charge , so it would expect that to go back up a little bit next quarter . it will continue to see some benefit from the low component cost . but it would not expect any -- another step up from that . so in model it gross margin for next quarter , it would call it roughly flat to what it be do this quarter . Yi - Dan Wang - Deutsche Bank AG , Research Division okay . so but it gross margin be a decent size above it long - term model , should it expect the current level of gross margin to be sustainable , give that over time , it should see high enterprise revenue , which be more profitable than mobile ? Pamela J. Strayer well , it think ... S. Kenneth Kannappan it know , it mean , it , frankly , be a little bit high , particularly give the high mix of consumer that it have expect . have say that , it have continually find opportunity to reduce cost , and those model be base upon it belief of what be long - term structural sustainable . but it be not slavish thing that it be necessarily go to operate on , and it be always try in every area of the company to do better . so that be what it think be long - term sustainable . but it be not that it be necessarily there be anything that be go to change the dynamic immediately . 