and  it for join it . it company continue to be the clear global leader in it category , grow it market position both domestically and throughout various international market . it unique , vertically integrate retail , wholesale and manufacturing model continue to gain momentum on all front , grow it global retail presence , open new store , expand it manufacturing capability , create new and innovative product concept and format , broaden it global sourcing footprint , and offer the worldwide consumer an unparalleled shopping and product experience . during today 's call , it will review it third quarter result , as well as it much anticipate Halloween season result . it will begin by discuss some key highlight and then turn it over to Gregg for more detail on retail , and finally , Mike who will provide further detail on the financial and it outlook for the balance of the year and full year . then it will open up it call to any of it question . consolidated revenue for the third quarter be $ 555 million , up 2.3 % compare to the prior year . if it back out the unfavorable impact of currency on this year 's result – this year 's revenue probably , revenue actually increase by 4.9 % over the prior year period . for the year - to - date period , revenue be up 3.1 % , to $ 1.513 billion , compare to $ 1.467 billion in 2014 . once again , if it adjust for the unfavorable impact of currency on this year 's result , year - to - date revenue actually increase by 5.1 % . adjusted net income be $ 11.9 million or $ 0.10 per share , compare with $ 1.2 million or a $ 0.01 per share for the prior year quarter . year - to - date , adjust net income total $ 23.2 million or $ 0.21 per share , compare with $ 2.8 million , or $ 0.03 per share for the first nine month of 2014 . global wholesale sale to third - party customer for the quarter be $ 212 million , virtually flat with the prior year period , however , up 4.4 % when adjust for currency , as foreign currency exchange rate movement negatively impact it wholesale business by $ 10 million . in addition , the acquisition of US Balloon have the net effect of reduce third - party revenue by $ 5 million . adjust for both of these impact , it will see that it wholesale business grow roughly 6.7 % during the quarter . this performance be primarily drive by strong sale in international market , where it continue to see grow demand for it product , particularly in Australia and Europe . in addition to it wholesale international sale growth , it be make good progress on several other initiative in it wholesale business , include identify acquisition opportunity to deepen it vertical model and allow it to manufacture more of it own product . during the quarter , it complete the acquisition of the asset of Accurate Custom Injection Molding . it new operation , ACIM , be poise to be a significant contributor to it goal of increase it vertically manufacture product portfolio . over the next three year , it anticipate that this operation will bring in - house approximately $ 45 million of product purchase currently source from third party by it wholesale division , thereby drive margin expansion . it be also actively pursue other similar opportunity to get it to it goal of manufacture 35 % to 40 % of it own product . it share of shelf , define as the percent of product cost that amscan supply to it retail operation , represent 73.5 % this quarter , up from 69.2 % in the prior year quarter . long term , it look to increase it share of shelf to approximately 80 % . it be also pursue alternative market customer outside the party channel and explore various white label party ship opportunity with other online retailer . this highlight the beauty of it diversify business model , in that because it be not just a retailer , there be multiple metric to measure it growth in addition to comp store growth . in fact , it have multiple lever to pull which will grow it bottom line . this be it unique advantage and it look forward to provide update on these initiative in the come quarter . for the third quarter , global retail sale of $ 339 million be up 4.1 % over the same quarter in 2014 and 5.3 % when adjust for currency . these sale result be adversely affect by the lapping of the strong Frozen license in the prior year period and the disruption cause by a major store reset , both of which it discuss during it second quarter call . additionally , it see an exceptionally soft retail environment which accelerate in the latter part of the quarter . all of these factor culminate in a disappointing third quarter retail comp store revenue result . the increase in retail revenue , which it mention be principally drive by high store count , as well as the shift in the week which comprise it retail fiscal third quarter . these increase be offset and result in a brand comp sale decline of 3.6 % for the quarter , which bring it nine month brand comp to an increase of just under 1 % . note that because it comp compare the same calendar week year - to - year , it be not positively affect by the shift in week comprise the fiscal third quarter that it note earlier . it retail sale for the quarter be also negatively impact by approximately $ 4 million as a result of the weakening of the canadian dollar and the british pound sterling versus the dollar . move on to it retail performance for Halloween and the 2015 month of October end November 7th . this year 's brand comp increase 3.3 % when compare to same period last year . in 2014 , the year - over - year brand comp for the fiscal month of October be 8.3 % . as a result , look at the fiscal month of October on a 2 year basis , it have post a cumulative comp increase in excess of 10 % . it be pleased with the result of this year 's Halloween season , especially in light of the forecast by the National Retail Federation earlier in the quarter which have predict a decline in Halloween sale of 7 % . this performance , it believe , be a reflection of the strength of it brand , as well as the depth of it product assortment and value proposition to it customer . factor in the success of the Halloween season will bring it year - to - date brand comp through the end of October to 1.4 % . in summary , let it say that it continue to be extremely positive about the overall outlook for the business and the progress it be make against key priority , as demonstrate by it strong Halloween sale and execution within it wholesale business . continue growth in store count , improve operate performance at remodel and relocate store , continue to expand it wholesale market penetration outside of the party specialty channel , include internationally and increase it share of shelf of manufactured and sourced product be all go to be significant driver of increase revenue and earning growth for the foreseeable future .  it . and with that , it will turn it over to Gregg to provide some more detail into it retail result and what it be see at the consumer level , and then Mike will discuss it financial result and provide full year guidance .  , Jim . and good afternoon , everyone . as Jim already indicate , it brand comp for the third quarter come in at a negative 3.6 % , and conversely , it brand comp for fiscal October or what it refer to as it core Halloween season come in at a positive 3.3 % for the month . in general , so far this year , it be see growth in it average ticket comparison directly relate to it product development effort and collection base merchandising strategy . but at the same time , it be also experience consumer traffic trend below expectation relate to last year 's Frozen phenomenon and potentially the more macro pressure which continue to negatively impact traffic across the specialty retail sector . look at it q3 sale result , the shortfall can be explain by essentially three factor . first , as it discuss in it second quarter call , in July and August , it undergo a significant store reset initiative to remove the costume shop wall from the back of it store and open up access to improve it shopping experience . it complete this initiative in late August and the disruption be now behind it . when all say and do , it estimate that this disruption impact Q3 by at least one full point in brand comp and will have at least a 25 basis point negative impact on the brand comp for the full year . second , last year 's Frozen phenomenon create an anomaly in it business . as a party specialty retailer , it consumer generally come to it store as a destination purchaser of party supply in connection with a specific celebration or party . however , last year 's traffic include shopper with a different motivation . mom want to buy product incorporate the Frozen image and theme because of the popularity of the franchise and not necessarily because it be have a celebration . now while it recognize this in it previous full year outlook , it significantly underestimate it impact . for the quarter , it estimate that year - over - year impact that it feel from Frozen be probably as much as 150 basis point above what it have originally anticipate . and finally , as the quarter progress , it see retail in general soften and it Halloween customer delay it purchase . so now turn to Halloween and fiscal October . it brand comp reach a positive 3.3 % for the five week period this year and that be on top of 2014s 8.3 % brand comp on a Friday Halloween . it continue to see very positive consumer reaction to it Halloween offering this year and it vertically integrate mix it , match it costume separate strategy continue to drive it growth . it introduce new separate costume offering in many woman 's license and also expand it Color City coordinate wearable to include other color , include gold and silver component and the consumer positively respond . but all of it growth for the season come in the last week . it continue to see customer shop later and later , and this year be no exception . in fact , the shift be so significant that sale in the week lead up to the Halloween weekend increase more than 20 % over the comparable period last year . now while that be good that it in - store business model can withstand the surge in business in the end , this year 's shopping pattern actually negatively impact it partycity.com business , as consumer be less likely to opt for Saturday delivery , give the relative freight cost and the overall urgency of the holiday . so as for the component of it brand comp for the month of October , it internet business achieve a 2.2 % comp for the month and it brick and mortar store increase a 3.4 % comp for the month , and in term of traffic versus average ticket for the month , traffic grow 1.6 % and average ticket grow 1.7 % . so now on a year - to - date basis include Halloween , it brand comp for the first 10 month of 2015 be a positive 1.4 % . that be comprise of a 3 % increase in it internet business and a 1.3 % increase in it brick and mortar store . and in term of traffic and average ticket for the 10 month so far , average ticket be up 2.3 % and traffic be down 0.9 % , reflect the consumer ’s positive reaction to it vertically integrate product offering amidst a softening in consumer traffic demand cycle . so turn to it temporary Halloween division , Halloween City . it operate 335 store this year throughout the United States and Canada , compare with 315 store last year . as a reminder , these store generally open between the end of August and the end of September and operate until the first few day in November . for this season , it increase average store sale in these format by 1.9 % and that compare to 2014's15.4 % average store increase , which again benefit from a Friday Halloween . as it look forward to 2016 , where Halloween shift to a Monday as a result of leap year , it anticipate that it 2016 Halloween season could possibly experience some contraction in adult spending on the holiday . now while it have not yet complete it plan for next year , one logical scenario may also include a reduction in the number of temporary store it pursue - it would pursue compare to this year . but nonetheless , as evidence by it recent Halloween performance , it would look to leverage the strength of it product offering and it marketing effort to mitigate any negative impact . as far as it overall retail development plan for the balance of 2015 , it remain unchanged and it expect to acquire or open 30 new store through year end . through the end of October it be at 20 . and it also expect to relocate or model 50 to 60 by year end ; and through October , it be at 42 . it also remain on track to open it first franchise store in Mexico by the first quarter of next year and anticipate have three open by May of 2016 . and with that , it would like to turn it over to Mike to cover it financial recap . Michael Correale  , Gregg . good afternoon , everyone . it will begin it remark with a review of it third quarter performance and then discuss it outlook for 2015 . as Jim mention earlier , it consolidated revenue in the third quarter of 2015 total $ 555 million , an increase of 2.3 % compare to the quarter of 2014 . on a constant dollar basis or constant currency basis , revenue increase 4.9 % , as change in foreign currency year - over - year reduce it report Q3 , 2015 revenue by approximately $ 14 million . retail sale for the third quarter of 2015 total $ 339 million , an increase of 4.1 % or 5.3 % on a constant currency basis , with the increase primarily drive by a net 17 store increase year - over - year and a shift in it retail fiscal calendar . to be specific , retail 's third quarter 2015 start on July 5th and end on October 3rd , as compare to the third quarter of 2014 , which start on June 29th and end on September 27th . so the third quarter of 2015 benefit from drop the weekend of July 4th and add the strong week of October 3rd for a sale gain of approximately $ 18 million . and just to reiterate Jim 's early statement , this shift benefit the fiscal quarter comparison , but have no effect on the third quarter same store sale comp , as comp be base on the comparison of the same week in each calendar year . as Jim and Gregg have already cover the various factor affect it third quarter revenue and same - store sale , it will focus it comment on the margin and expense . overall gross profit margin for the quarter be 34.4 % or 20 basis point high than in Q3 , 2014 . it retail gross profit margin increase to 37.7 % or 120 basis point , with approximately 90 basis point attributable to an increase in wholesale share shelf at retail and the balance of 30 basis point attributable to a decrease impact of 2012 purchase accounting adjustment affect it cost of good sell . a 20 basis point negative impact from currency movement be offset principally by the need for few markdown in the third quarter of 2015 . during the third quarter of 2015 , it wholesale share of shelf increase approximately 4 percentage point to 73.5 % , principally as a result of it acquisition of US Balloon in 2014 and now sit at approximately 74 % year - to - date . on the wholesale front , it gross profit margin be 29.2 % and when adjust for purchase accounting be 160 basis point low than in the third quarter of 2014 . the decrease in margin year - over - year reflect the strengthening of the US dollar and it adverse impact on it international subsidiary that purchase product denominate in US dollar and sell in local currency , compete with local producer . the adverse impact be a $ 2 million increase in product cost of good sell for the quarter and lower it overall wholesale margin by 90 basis point . in addition , the 2015 margin percentage be impact by change in sale mix , which include an 11 % increase in international sale and the elimination of approximately $ 5 million net of high margin metallic balloon sale due to the acquisition of US Balloon . it operating expense increase 2 % to $ 162 million for the third quarter of 2015 and remain relatively consistent as a percentage of revenue at 29.2 % . adjust both revenue and expense to a constant currency basis , operating expense drop slightly to 29 % even of revenue . within operating expense , wholesale selling expense decrease nearly $ 3 million compare to the quarter of 2014 , principally as a result of foreign currency and cost saving associate with the reorganization of it sale and marketing group . retail operating expense increase $ 7 million , reflect an increase in it store base and a high payroll cost associate with the calendar shift and store reset . general and administrative expense decrease $ 1 million , as several factor , include the impact of foreign currency , the cessation of management fee post - ipo and low executive compensation , more than offset inflationary and other increase . net interest expense of approximately $ 30 million decrease nearly $ 10 million compare to the third quarter of 2014 . the decrease reflect the repayment of it $ 350 million PIC note with the proceed from it IPO and to a less extent the benefit of it August refinancing of it loan portfolio . note that the timing of the refinancing and the repayment of exist debt cause a temporary increase in it total debt , which decrease it interest saving by $ 2 million in the quarter . for the three month end September 30th , 2015 , other expense net total $ 79.1 million , all of which relate to the refinancing of the company 's debt . the effective tax rate for the third quarter 2015 of 42.4 % compare to an effective rate of 47.6 % for the third quarter of 2014 and be base on the company 's estimate consolidated effective income tax rate for the full year December 31st , 2015 of 40.1 % which be before discretionary item - discreet item and the impact of adjustment to net income . and before it discuss net income and net income per share , it want to point out that for the quarter , it will be refer to adjust net income . the adjustment to arrive at adjusted net income and adjust net income per share be provide in the financial table in today 's press release and include among other thing , cost associate with it ipo and subsequent refinancing , non - cash purchase accounting adjustment , management fee , and the amortization of intangible asset . as a result of the adjustment it just describe , net income for the third quarter of 2015 be 111.9 – excuse it , $ 11.9 million or $ 0.10 per share , as compare to income of $ 1.2 million or $ 0.01 per share in the third quarter of last year . look at it balance sheet and cash flow , change in work capital be use of cash of $ 108 million in the third quarter of 2015 compare to a use of $ 129 million in the comparable quarter of 2014 , both quarter principally reflect additional store and seasonal working capital build . on a day 's basis , inventory , receivables and payable , each be approximately three day low than at September 30 , 2014 . during the quarter , it invest $ 10 million in the acquisition of ACIM and $ 30 million in capital expenditure of which $ 25 million be spend on retail , include new store , relo and remodel , and in - store maintenance . the company end the quarter with net debt of $ 2 billion , a decrease of $ 128 million from year end . at September 30th , 2015 , it have approximately $ 256 million in availability under it ABL . give it year - to - date performance and current expectation for the fourth quarter , it be generally tighten it outlook on revenue , adjust EBITDA and adjust net income . the company expect fiscal 2015 total revenue of $ 2.27 billion to $ 2.32 billion , which include a brand comparable sale increase of 1 % to 1.5 % and it target for 19 net new store and 50 to 60 remodel and relo . adjusted EBITDA be expect to be in the range of $ 375 million to $ 385 million . interest expense be expect to range - in the range of $ 125 million . it be tighten it outlook on adjusted net income and dilute net income per share to $ 112 million to $ 118 million in net income and $ 0.99 to $ 1.04 per share , respectively . diluted net income per share be base on an estimate weighted average of approximately 113 million common share outstanding . it still expect to incur capital expenditure between $ 75 million and $ 80 million for the year . it also expect net debt at December 31st , 2015 , to range between $ 1.75 billion and $ 1.8 billion , base on the schedule payment of it term debt and the application of additional free cash flow to it revolver . with that , it would like to turn the call back over to the operator and open up the call for question . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from the line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse . it line be open . great .  .  for take the question . when it look at the Q4 outlook , it imply low single digit , about 2 % at the mid point . it guy be come off a good Halloween where sale obviously improve , and it think it be mostly through the quarter , at this point . but just want to understand some of the driver and what give it confidence , give some of the challenge it see in Q3 from a retail traffic perspective . it guess , what give it confidence that it can kind of keep that comp in the low single digit range as it look out ? okay . it will ask Gregg just to give it the various scenario for comp and where it end up . Gregg ? well , it mean , it think it do it math pretty good in that range . it think what give it the confidence be two fold . one , the reset be behind it and all of it new program be out there that be effectively introduce in the back half of the year and get momentum during the Halloween season it see that . and it think that be probably the big driver of what it be go to see be able to build comp along with the continue benefit from it new store and it remodel . but if it take a look at the overall scenario , 1 % would imply flat comp for November and December . to where it be . yes , to where it be . got it . okay . and then just to clarify on those reset , be that different than the remodel that it have talk about in the past , the 50 or so … yes , it be actually very different . it remodel would be one specific store , and of that , relo and remodel would be 50 to 60 store combine on a year - to - date basis . this reset occur in all of the corporate Party City store that it operate . and it effectively take a wall that go horizontally and bolt it on to make it all vertically and open up access to the entire store in all of it store . okay . and just as it look at the store , sound like it be do for the year in term of reset . but any other area within the store that it guy be focus on where it see some opportunity over the next year or so ? nothing that stand out . all of it program be in anticipation of the back half of the year and hopefully poise it for a strong holiday . okay .  and good luck . it next question come from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley . it line be open .  . good afternoon and  for the extra color on Halloween , Gregg . so just a follow - up question . so Halloween , as it know , fall on the Saturday versus Friday , and it think if it look at the entire Halloween period , it be guess it same number of day ’s year - over - year . but there be clearly favorability in that the last couple of selling day it have a Friday - Saturday , versus last year a Thursday - Friday . so it know that be sort of embedded in what it mention , Gregg , for next year , it land on a Monday . but there should have be some favorability for that this year and rightfully so . be it well or bad than the way it think , can it say how it play out versus how it think it would play out ? Simeon , this be Jim . when it have give it early guidance at the end of q2 , it have really look for a Halloween for an October , if it would , in the 5 plus range . so it actually play out a little low than it expectation . and to what do it , it guess , to what do it attribute , be it just retail traffic be a little slow ? it think if it look at it performance for June , July , and August and September , it see that traffic in retail generally slow down in July , more so in August and even more so in September . if it look at it comp over those three month , there be just a general softening in retail generally . got it . okay . and then so it guidance have some implicit assumption for profitability , which seem fine . but think about Halloween in general , Jim , for a moment , be it get more profitable over time , it have be - it be more vertical , so on that basis , yes , advertising be move more digital . be there other factor that offset any headwind to drive the same type of comp ? be it go to get more expensive or it should actually be more profitable down the road ? once again , as it take over more share shelf on Halloween , it become more profitable . it do not know exactly . Gregg may know off the top of it head . this year the percent of the costume wall that be vertical through the amscan model be much high than it be last year . Gregg , do it have that number in front of it ? yes . it be probably in – it be it think , 85 % . versus in the high 70 the year before . right . and so remember , at 85 % it be pick up the double and a little bit extra for the fact it do it own sampling and it own template and it own design . so that will continue to grow . as it look at it dtr , as those become more prevalent , obviously it gain traction . Gregg mention the mix and match on adult female costume this year . if it be in it store , it see it have lot of separate that it could build it Wonder Woman or it Spider Woman around and add more accessory . so it look at all that as increase it opportunity . additionally , with the ACIM acquisition , there be element of Halloween that it will also be able to now make a triple on , not just a double . so it think it see the profitability on a per unit basis as a percentage continue to expand . and in term of where it fall in term of total sale next year , move from a Friday , Saturday to a Monday , as Gregg mention , it think it have the opportunity through it assortment and various other marketing strategy to mitigate the negative impact of that . the key impact there will obviously be on the adult . the juvenile very rarely change . okay .  it . it next question come from the line of Mark Becks with JPMorgan . it line be open . hi . congrat on the strong Halloween . just kind of flush out the acceleration from October from the third quarter , it know it talk about caught100 basis point get back from the reset and then it talk about Frozen be a little bit more of a headwind than it anticipate . and then also just the benefit from the mix and match and then the Friday , Saturday shift . Can it kind of give a little bit more context or quantification around those or at least perhaps rank those ? and then kind of a big picture Halloween question , obviously as traffic and sale get more condensed in that last week , it get hard to move in and around it store and shift inventory around the chain . be there anything that it can do long term to alleviate some of that pressure ? that be great . so it ask a few question . it be go to try to deal with the , it will call it the Q3 October shift . it think that be it question , right , on sale , yes . so generally , it would say because it have so much traffic in the last week of the season , it would say about 1 % of the 3 % move from September into October , if it be to talk about it traffic pattern . as it think about box size , it be right , push that much activity through it store during that period of time be tremendous . and so that be part of the reason why it be see it initiative to take relocation and take those relocation and go from 12,000 square foot to 15 , 000 to 18,000 square foot . that be definitely part of the thesis as not only it product development , but open up the activity to have - to continue to grow it Halloween assortment as it move forward . and then in addition , Jim , do it … yes . it think it other question about what it can do to make the store or help the store handle that sort of later shopper . one of the thing it do this year , and Gregg and it team do this year , be add substantial payroll to it store the last 10 day of the season , because it see this come in term of the delay and it see the consumer not shop . Halloween always happen , so it know it be go to happen . and so it say it need to be prepare for a surge , which it get at the last minute . so Gregg and it team add substantial payroll dollar to the store . and if it be in it store , it may have notice it have people actually guide folk from the checkout line to available register . it have additional staff at the register to help expedite the consumer experience through the checkout . it add staff at the store level on the floor to expedite the movement of costume to consumer . and to Simeon 's early point about margin , one of the beauty of it model be the additional margin enable it to do this without see any detriment or degradation in it profitability , which be why as it look at it full - year complete , it full - year guidance , while it have guide a blip with respect to the comp sale , it have not have a substantial move off the profitability that it anticipate for the full year . so it think that ’ - those be the thing that it can do , other than add 10,000 square foot to the store just for the month of October . yes . understand . and then just one follow - up on the wholesale side . it guy obviously make a lot of progress with the ACIM acquisition and there seem to be some pretty juicy margin potential . do it think that be fully flow through at this point or be there more to come ? and then as it think about next year , clearly , it be past Halloween but it have a lot on it plate , with Travis and ACIM and the franchise store . how should it be think about acquisition go forward , both near term and then the long - term , what else it may be look at ?  it . sure . so to answer the first question about ACIM , it be in the infancy of the impact of ACIM . so it be not even close to see any impact . on an annual basis this year , include the period prior to acquisition , ACIM will do about $ 7 million of sale . it goal be to get to $ 45 million within the next three year . it think it be a reasonable expectation for it to be think about $ 20 million of ACIM next year and similar growth over the next two year . so it think all of that really translate into a three year process to maximize the vertical nature of the ACIM . one of the nice thing about ACIM be it open up for it a product category which it have not be primary before . so in addition to be able to take over share of shelf from wholesale , if it would , to make the double or triple , there be additional third - party opportunity that ACIM will provide which it be really excited about . so it think the ACIM story be a story that be go to be tell for a number of year , provide significant impact on it business . in term of it ability to do additional acquisition , the usb acquisition be fully integrate , fully digest , that be behind it . ACIM be operate as a freestanding business . it build an organization underneath it . it put in ERP system . it senior Vice President of Manufacturing be an extremely strong individual who have take ownership of ACIM and move it forward in the right direction . so it continue to see the opportunity for it to do these bolt - ons . it think the story of Party City Holdings be one of incremental acquisition that bolt on and add profitability and add capability and competency , and that be a story that will continue to be tell . and then just to clarify the additional third party opportunity , that would be with respect to theme park and restaurant and other thing of that nature ? the third party wholesale , yes , theme park , restaurant , white label opportunity to work in conjunction with other online retailer provide the back end to party offering that would access it product portfolio and represent another channel of distribution for it wholesale business . it next question come from the line of Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank . it line be open .  . just wonder historically , have Halloween be any kind of good or bad indicator for Christmas and how important be that to it business ? yes . so Christmas probably rank as maybe fifth - ish in the season , and it would not correlate Halloween with Christmas , per se . it think that people know it for Christmas and it know it for New Year 's . so that be probably more of a benefit and that be definitely a product offering that differentiate it . yes . it Christmas offering , Mike , really be more celebratory in nature . so it be not gift and it be not trim a tree . but it be dress up . but it be dress up and it be celebration . understand . so , interesting . fifth big , Halloween 's it big . what be two , three , and four , be it big … it have summer , it have graduation , and New Year 's . New Year . got it . okay . another follow up question . it say that Frozen be 150 basis point bad than it think it be . what do it think it would be , so in other word , it can figure out what the total drag from … sure . when it look at it guidance in the third quarter , it be look at about 100 basis point drag from Frozen . so then it be actually , what it be say a 250 basis point drag , if it understand correctly ? somewhere in that ballpark , right . it be difficult to measure it precisely , but it believe it be somewhere in that neighborhood . understand . one more follow - up . it have say that November and December be expect or at a 1 % comp for the year , that would imply November and December flat to where it be , in other word flat to that 3 % that it have do – that it do in October , not flat year - over - year ? no , no . no , it be at 1.4 % year - to - date . year - to - date it be 1.4 % . well , right , it guidance be 1 to 1.5 . and a 1 % comp for November and December would imply roughly stay where it be through October . understand . okay .  . it next question come from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens . please go ahead . hi , guy . this be Nick Zangler in for Rick . so for Halloween , it dress up as Darth Maul and it get it Star Wars gear at Party City . and it be wonder , obviously , Frozen be a big driver last year . Can it talk about Star Wars here come up and maybe what that can do for the upcoming quarter ? it envision it kind of like Frozen , in that obviously it could get incremental party and not just from girl , but also from boy , teenager , adult . so it be wonder perhaps how Star Wars merchandise perform over Halloween and what it can expect possibly a lift from that go forward ? sure . it think it need to delineate the business between costume , dress - up and party . the Frozen phenomenon be costume , dress - up and party . the Darth Vader , Star Wars impact probably , once the movie come out for the most part will be party . and currently , it be perform as a high average pattern . so one of the thing to remember be that within the juvenile business , boy tend to age out of licensed table wear for it party earlier than girl . and the idea last year of Frozen be the frozen party , which be not necessarily all birthday party , obviously , involve little girl really dress up as Elsa and Anna for tea party at home . so it be a little different than what it be go to see with Star Wars and Lucas . understand . okay . and then just on the remain Halloween merchandise , curious what percent of that be it guy try to liquidate and discount now ? it think it see an advertisement for 80 % off on some costume here and what percent Halloween merchandize can just be tack up and use again next year ? great . so it actually do not , it be not sure it would have see that 80 % of customer , that be not from it , not online , nor it store . so it pack it all up , and actually , if it be in it store on November 1 , it would have see the shelf begin to be wipe . it be now fully transition , not all the merchandise be there , but all the peg have be fully transition and Halloween be pack up and out of the building . it pack up 100 % of it , except the candy and it buy around it for next year . okay . great .  for that clarification . it next question come from the line of Denise Chai with Bank of America . it line be open . okay .  it . Could it please break out in term of wholesale , could it break out international versus domestic in constant currency ? and how should it think about organic growth for both business go forward ? Michael Correale okay . so the currency impact , excuse it , be - unfortunately , this be full year . $ 10 million for the quarter . okay . do it have growth rate for domestic and international ? for the quarter or for - it be talk for the quarter year - to - date or go forward ? whatever number it have handy ? okay . so on a constant currency basis , it total growth rate be 5.3 % for the quarter . Michael Correale it be sorry . the international be 11 % , the international be 11 % and the domestic be pretty much flat . Michael Correale and on a constant currency basis , it growth of 339 be 5 % over the same quarter of last year . if it look at the business separately , wholesale be up 4.4 % when adjust for currency , flat when unadjusted . and the wholesale currency impact be $ 10 million on revenue and the retail be $ 4 million on revenue . okay . great .  it . and just look , go back to Frozen for a second here , what be the margin impact that it experience last year ? Michael Correale it be consistent with it total . it would be consistent , there be no special margin . it be consistent with the blend of margin rate . okay . all right . and just lastly then , could it get an update then on alternative market ? Could it kind of size up the business and also the growth rate ? sure . so alternative market business be up about 6 % year - to - date . okay . how big be it now ? it be $ 55 million , roughly . okay .  it very much . that be year - to - date . got it .  it . it next question come from the line of Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group . it line be open . great .  , guy . just to follow up on Frozen , be it - what kind of drag be it guy expect for the fourth quarter of this year in the number ? well , wait that one second , it apologize , Denise , it have say 5 . it misspoke . it be 15 . alternative market up 15 % on 55 . in term of Frozen drag for the fourth quarter ? for the fourth quarter , would probably be less than a point , because it be not Halloween affected . it actually would say it be about half a point . when Gregg 's talk fourth quarter , it be now talk November , December impact . yes . got it . good point .  . then another - it guy mention before , it talk a little bit about 2016 Halloween fall on a Monday . just two question around that . it know it be a little far out . but what kind of initiative or what be it think about initially right now for 2016 to help potentially offset any pressure from a Monday Halloween that it allude to on the prepared remark ? sure . so what it will do be it need to do a diagnostic and a reflection on what work and what do not work in it marketing and advertising strategy , figure out what lever it should be pull there and how it should redirect it marketing dollar to be more in tune with where the consumer will be in 2016 . so that be one thing it will do . the other thing it will do be it will do the diagnostic and analyze that which work in it mix and match approach , both at the adult and juvenile level , and once again , look to it marketing effort to see how it can better reinforce the differentiation that exist within Party City , as well as within Hollywood City , to be the provider of choice , if it would , on the adult side of the business , which probably will be a little bit light than it be this year . got it . because it guess the question then it have around this , in addition , be even though it be a Monday Halloween , would not people just shift the party it go out to on Saturday anyway ? it guess in past year when it have have a Monday Halloween , do it really see , like it do it have , kind of a chart , like each day of the week and what Halloween look like if it fall on different day or ? it think it can talk about it on a macro level , but Halloween it , spend on Halloween it , have grow so dramatically over the last , let it say , 15 year that it be very difficult to trend it to one specific number , one specific adjust factor , because it be just grow . but the benefit of it vertically integrate model allow it not to be behold to what be in the marketplace . it allow it to drive and create opportunity that do not exist . and that be really what it continue to do year - after - year . so with the play field change for it every year , whether it move from a Friday to a Monday or a Monday to a Tuesday , and that be really what Jim be talk about . okay . got it . that be helpful . just to clarify one point it guy mention about the comp for November , December , it say if it stay consistent with where it be at the end of October , it would be flat . it guess it be still a little confused . it know it be run year - to - date 1.4 % , right ? right . so if it send in November and 1 % in December , it would end up at about 1.4 % . 