join it on the call this morning be Alfred Lumsdaine , it Chief Financial Officer ; Marty Smith , Chief Operating Officer ; and Dr. Shaheed Koury , Chief Medical Officer . it will begin the call with some prepare remark regard it fourth quarter and highlight from it full year and then open the call for it question . the fourth quarter represent a solid finish to 2018 especially in light of some of the challenge it face earlier in the year . it be on a good footing head into 2019 . for the full year 2018 , it report total net operating revenue of $ 1.88 billion and same facility net operating revenue of $ 1.86 billion . adjusted EBITDA for 2018 be $ 126.4 million or 6.7 % of net operating revenue . adjusted EBITDA adjust for divestiture be $ 150.6 million or 8 % of same facility net operating revenue . for the fourth quarter , same facility net operating revenue be $ 460.7 million and adjust EBITDA be $ 37.5 million or 8.1 % of net operating revenue . Adjusted EBITDA , adjust for divestiture come in at $ 40.5 million or 8.8 % for the same facility net operating revenue . on a normalized basis , it fourth quarter result represent continued improvement in patient mix and acuity . these improvement result in low patient volume which Marty will speak to in a moment . over the course of 2018 , it have make meaningful progress on a number of front . it continue to reduce it debt by divest three hospital for $ 40.3 million in proceed , which it use to pay down it term loan facility . it also make the difficult decision to close a hospital in Ohio . follow a disappointing first quarter , it undertake a series of operational initiative to improve it margin . by the end of the year , it have successfully complete these action which drive improve EBITDA performance in the second half of the year . it successfully exit three of it transition service agreement with Community Health Systems . it transition the eligibility screening service agreement during the second quarter and the physician practice support and secondary account receivable collection agreement during the fourth quarter . in addition , in early January of 2019 , it receive a final ruling from the arbitration panel regard it arbitration with CHS . it would speak to the ruling in more detail later on . but , it be certainly pleased to have the arbitration behind it . as it move into 2019 , it continue it effort on several of the item it have discuss throughout 2018 . first and foremost , it continue to improve the profitability of it hospital operation and it EBITDA margin as a whole . as Marty will discuss shortly , it team be expand on a successful margin improvement initiative start in 2018 improve efficiency , pricing and volume . it be also devote significant time and energy to it hospital management advisory and consulting business Quorum Health Resources . while a small segment of it overall company , QHR generate significantly high margin than it hospital business . and have a high degree of strategic importance with over 150 management and consult client . it be implement both cost reduction and revenue growth initiative in order to drive top and bottom - line improvement . this business nicely compliment it hospital operation . it continue to refine it portfolio by divest hospital . it currently have a sign definitive agreement to sell a hospital in Texas , which will leave it with 26 hospital in the portfolio . it progress on move letter of intent to definitive sale agreement have be slow than it would like . however , it plan to generate an increase incremental 125 million to 175 million in proceed to the end of 2019 . it have recently add internal and external resource to support these divestiture effort and be actively market both individual hospital and group of hospital . although , it be no longer provide comment on it current LOI pipeline because of the difficulty in predict it likelihood of an ultimate sale . it continue to see active interest in the asset be market . once it be able to complete it currently plan divestiture , it expect the profile of it business to consist of 18 to 20 premier rural and non - urban hospital generate $ 1.2 million to $ 1.4 million in revenue with enterprise adjust EBITDA margin in the mid teen . these factor will combine to achieve an appropriate and sustainable leverage profile for it business . finally , it be pursue a refinancing of it debt within the next year and be examine several potential option . a refinancing will yield material interest saving and provide free cash flow allow it to further invest in the growth and profitability of it business . it board management team be ultimately focused on position the company for growth and strengthen it position as a premier rural and non - urban community base health care provider . it initiative for 2019 represent important step along the path to achieve that goal . beyond 2019 , it will address the exit of the remain transition service agreement with CHS . it be engage in a comprehensive planning process to exit these tsa in a mutually agreeable manner . it expect that the transition of it IT and revenue cycle platform will result in material revenue and EBITDA benefit . in addition , it ability to grow patient volume by address the need of it community , provide high quality of care in it hospital and leverage the value of Quorum Health Resources will be key pillar of it long - term success . it be proud of the progress it have make in the time since it join Quorum . and it be excited about what it will achieve in 2019 and beyond . with that , it will turn the call over to Marty for a discussion of it operation during the quarter . marty ?  it , Bob .  . before review it fourth quarter and full year operating result , it want to update it on it operational strategy as it be likely aware during 2018 , it be acutely focused on a series of initiative that it roll out in the second quarter . these initiative have largely drive the improved EBITDA margin it achieve in the second half of 2018 as well as the improved payer mix and patient acuity . it effort to manage it hospital service line in a way that maximize cost , maximizes value -- minimize cost and maximizes value while maintain a quality of care have become central to it operating philosophy . it be carry this discipline into 2019 and be extend it focus into a few major area . first , it want to continue to manage cost through ongoing service line management . in the second half of 2018 , it significantly improve it EBITDA margin by eliminate negative and low volume service line . obviously these decision have have a negative impact on it volume as it will see , but it have enable it hospital to use it resource to better serve it community . second , it be focus on improve the cost profile of it hospital and clinic - base physician service . it see improvement in it clinic operation in the second half of 2018 . it add new senior leadership and as Bob mention , it take control of it physician practice revenue cycle by move off the TSA with CHS . additionally , it medical specialist ' fee for hospital base provider service have be a notable cost headwind for it in the past . it have add additional expertise and management control around evaluate these contractual relationship . it believe that by add these resource and control , it have a positive impact in the last half of 2018 and it can avoid unnecessary fee increase on contract provider in 2019 . it third area of focus be it manage care contracting . as it be aware , it move away from certain Medicaid manage care contract in 2018 particularly in Illinois . these decision have result again in low volume , but it have improve overall operation . it have also add senior leadership in this area and it believe there be opportunity for it to improve it pricing and overall contract management . lastly , it be continue to focus it strategy on grow volume . it have implement target plan for each of it facility that it believe will be focus on it market need and drive the appropriate return on investment . these strategy include certain physician improvement initiative , which be considerably more strategic than it have be in the past . even with the clinic decision it make in 2018 , it still employ more than 400 physician at mid - level provider and these employ provider will be simple to grow it volume go forward . additionally with the continued impact of high cost co - pay and deductible , it be in the process of roll out a prepaid cash pricing strategy for outpatient service . it believe this will make a difference in several of it competitive market . as it mention , it make some difficult decision in 2018 regard the discontinuation of certain service line and cut off clinic cost . as it can see these decision have negatively impact it volume relative to prior year , but yield improved profitability in the third and fourth quarter relative to the first half of the year . look forward into 2019 , it expect that the volume trend will show some normalization in the second half of the year compare to the second half of 2018 . move to it volume in the fourth quarter of 2018 , total admission be down 4.4 % versus the fourth quarter of 2017 with over 100 basis point of that come from low flu volume particularly in December . adjusted admission decline 2.5 % year - over - year as it continue to see the impact of the margin improvement initiative on it volume . same facility surgery volume decrease 8 % year - over - year drive by an 8.8 % decline in outpatient surgery and a 5.5 % decline in inpatient surgery . the overall decline in it surgery be the result again in margin improvement initiative , a decline in low patient acuity procedure like ophthalmology and GI as well as a pretty difficult comp compare to fourth quarter of 2017 . it would also note that it continue to see growth in it high acuity surgery which include neurosurgery and heart and vascular procedure . it ER visit decline 4.9 % year - over - year in the fourth quarter , it attribute 95 basis point of that decline to again a significantly low flu activity relative to last year . on the acuity front , it continue to focus on a high acuity volume and as a result it case mix index be up 5.2 % to a record high level primarily the result of a 5.2 % increase in manage care and commercial case mix index as well as a 3.5 % increase in it Medicare case mix index . this be partially drive by again a reduction of low acuity low margin volume in conjunction with it margin improvement initiative . when look at the full year 2018 compare to the full year 2017 , it same facility admission fall by 2.9 % adjust admission fall at 1.4 % , surgery fall 4 % , it ER visit decrease by 1 % . the same facility net patient revenue per adjust admission do increase , however , 4.4 % relative to the full year 2017 . again , a key focus for it be improve it payer mix , it show improvement during 2018 compare to 2017 , when normalized for the prior year bad debt change in estimate , it manage care and commercial mix increase 219 basis point to 41.7 % of total net patient revenue the high percentage since the spin . in addition , it Medicare case mix increase 30 basis point to 29.1 % and the Medicaid payer mix decline 187 basis point to 19.5 % . now it will turn the call over to Dr. Shaheed Koury and it will update it on it clinical operation .  Marty .  . it would like to first provide an update on it key patient safety and quality metric . it have be on a high reliability journey for the past three year and through this it have see serious safety event decrease 87 % from it baseline and 40 % from the April 2016 spin - off result in a significant number of life save from serious harm or death . in addition , it have have an executive quality dashboard by which all hospital and corporate staff be hold accountable . over the last three year , it have see a 13 % cumulative improvement to the average score across it facility . during 2018 , Quorum enter into a Medicare share saving program Accountable Care Organization . and as a result , it have see an increase of 58 % in it quality visit for it Medicare patient . it have also initiate a transition of care program for certain drg . this involve multiple callback in education of it patient . due to this effort , it have see it readmission penalty decrease 22 % from 2017 to 2019 . it know the emergency department be the front door for it hospital and it have decrease the number of patient leave without treatment well ward rate in it emergency department by 8 % over the past two year . lastly , it have place a strong emphasis on improve it retention of nursing staff . through these effort , it overall nurse turnover have decline from 20.4 % in 2016 to 17.5 % in 2018 a 14.2 % improvement . go forward , in addition to contain all of the mention effort , it will be focus on improve it patient experience for it facility by address it HCAP store . it anticipate this improve it CMS five star rating , which currently average three star across it 27 hospital . by increase it focus on patient experience in addition to it quality and safety metric , it will continue to be good steward for it patient and will solidify it position in the community it serve to be it patient 's first choice for health care . with that , it will turn the call over to Alfred to discuss it financial result . Alfred Lumsdaine  it , Shaheed and  . it would like to first cover it result for both the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2018 . and then , it will review it 2019 guidance before turn the call back to Bob for some final thought . for the full year 2018 , total net revenue be $ 1.88 billion and same facility net operating revenue be $ 1.86 billion . this compare to full year 2017 total net revenue of $ 2.07 billion and same facility net operating revenue of $ 1.82 billion . same facility net operating revenue for the full year 2017 include approximately $ 15 million in reduction in revenue for a change in estimate to reduce the net realizable value of patient account receivable that be record in the fourth quarter of 2017 . when normalized for the impact of this change in estimate , same facility net operating revenue grow 1.3 % year - over - year . for the fourth quarter of 2018 , same facility net operating revenue be $ 461 million compare to $ 483 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 . fourth quarter 2017 revenue not only include the $ 15 million decrease from the change in estimate that it just mention but also nearly $ 23 million of increase revenue from the California hospital quality assurance fee or hqaf program , which relate to the first three quarter of 2017 . when it normalize for the impact of the hqaf and the change in estimate , fourth quarter same facility net operating revenue decrease 3 % or $ 14 million relative to the fourth quarter of 2017 . now turn to expense for the fourth quarter same facility salary , wage and benefit decrease 1.5 % compare to a year ago as a result of both staffing efficiency and low volume . same facility supply expense decrease 5.3 % in the quarter again primarily as a result of low volume and cost management initiative . same facility other operating expense decrease 3.9 % compare to a year ago . this reduction be primarily drive by cost control effort at the hospital , the impact of out of period hqaf provider fee in 2017 as well as some initial cost saving associate with the exit of three tsa which it will discuss further in just a moment . overall , it adjusted EBITDA adjust for divestiture be $ 40.5 million and that reflect one of it strong margin quarter in 2018 at 8.8 % of same facility net operating revenue . in fact combine with the third quarter , it margin in the second half of the year represent a 184 basis point improvement relative to the first half of 2018 result from the implementation of the margin improvement initiative that Marty mention during the second quarter . so it would like to briefly expand on the recent exit of three of it tsa as well as discuss the financial impact of the ruling in the arbitration with CHS , which it announce on January 7 of this year . as it have previously discuss during 2018 , it agree with CHS to exit three tsa specifically the eligibility screening service or ESS TSA , the physician practice support or PPSA TSA and the secondary account receivable or PASI TSA . it exit the ESS TSA at the end of the second quarter of 2018 and the PPPSA and PASI TSAs during the fourth quarter . overall , these transition have progress well and as it just mention , it have already begin realize cost saving during the fourth quarter of 2018 . the transition of the PASI TSA which be the most complex of the three naturally result in a temporary deceleration in it self pay collection during the initial month post transition . but since this initial deceleration , it have see increase every month and expect to see continue improvement through 2019 to level that match or exceed the pre - transition level . turn to the arbitration in the January 2019 ruling , the arbitration panel uphold it claim regard approximately $ 9 million of contest payment relate to service perform under the share service center or SSC TSA , while at the same time deny it claim relate to dispute payment for service perform under the computer and datum processing or IT TSA . as a result , it fourth quarter adjust EBITDA result include the recognition of approximately $ 2 million in previously dispute expense relate to the IT TSA . go forward , it do not expect this arbitration ruling will have a material financial impact on it result . so it would like to move next to cash flow . cash flow from operation be approximately $ 40 million for the full year . it full year cash flow from operation be negatively impact by approximately $ 5 million in legal cost relate to the arbitration . nearly $ 12 million in cash cost relate to the closure of one hospital and finally almost $ 13 million in cash cost relate to headcount reduction and executive severance . capital expenditure be approximately $ 49 million for 2018 compare to $ 68 million in 2017 . this reduction in CapEx primarily relate to a $ 60 million reduction in spending on it Springfield , Oregon expansion project , which now have be substantially complete at the end of 2018 . with regard to the balance sheet , it total debt at December 31 be $ 1.2 billion this include approximately $ 791 million outstanding on the term loan and $ 14 million outstanding on it ABL revolver . cash and cash equivalent total just over $ 3 million . it EBITDA cushion for compliance purpose at December 31 , 2018 be 12 % of EBITDA . it compliance ratio at the end of the quarter as calculate under the credit agreement be 4.38x . it would like to conclude by review it financial expectation for 2019 . it anticipate 2019 same facility operate revenue will be in a range of $ 1.825 billion to $ 1.875 billion and full year adjust EBITDA adjust for divestiture will be in a range of $ 160 million to $ 180 million . it 2019 guidance take into account a number of assumption . in the first half of 2019 , it expect that volume and rate trend will be similar to what it have see over the second half of 2018 primarily as a result of it margin improvement initiative . it expect these trend will obey as it progress through the second half of the year with volume begin to trend flat to slightly positive and year - over - year rate improvement slow . for the full year 2019 , it expect volume to be flat to slightly down on a same facility basis influence again by the continue impact from it 2018 margin improvement initiative . it revenue guidance assume a 2 % to 3 % rate increase across it manage care contract . for wage inflation , it expect an overall increase of approximately 2 % partially offset by expect saving from benefit plan design change . it also anticipate some headwind in Medicaid rate particularly in the state of Oregon . as it relate to the TSA transition , it have assume an $ 8 million to $ 12 million EBITDA benefit from the transition of the ESS , PPSA and PASI agreement . the cost improvement portion of these transition have already start in the fourth quarter as it note . and it expect to see revenue benefit ramp through the course of 2019 . so overall , it expect that the majority of it adjust EBITDA improvement over 2018 will be weight towards the second half of the year give both seasonality as well as the timing of the impact from several of the initiative that it have plan for the year . also , in prior year , it recognize the benefit from the sale of tax credit in the state of Illinois during the third quarter of each year . begin in 2019 , it will be able to recognize revenue from the sale of these tax credit on a pro rata basis evenly throughout the year , thereby eliminate some of the lumpiness in it quarterly number . for 2019 , it expect the amount of the tax credit to total approximately $ 8 million or roughly $ 2 million per quarter . it would also note that it guidance assume the divestiture of the Scenic Mountain Medical Center in Texas , which be currently under IPI as well as continue recognition of revenue and EBITDA associate with the California hqaf program in the second half of the year after the current program expire . it ability to accrue revenue relate to the hqaf program beyond the expiration of the current program in June of ' 19 will be dependent on the timing of the program 's approval by CMS . with that , it would like to turn the call back to Bob for some closing remark . it be pleased with the strong close to 2018 and believe it be well position to carry this momentum through 2019 . it want to  it physician , it hospital leadership team , it nurse and team at Quorum Health Resources and the corporate office for it continued dedication and hard work . it will all be integral to help Quorum reach it full potential . it look forward to continue to update it on it progress as the year unfold . operator at this point , it be ready for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets .  . just appreciate the color around the divestiture and understanding it do not want to go into a lot of detail about the additional one that have be designate . but , just any kind of general handicap if it will of it ability to actually complete those divestiture over the balance of this year and what would be the strategy if it be unable to get any kind of divestiture affect for the balance of the year for those asset that it touch around ?  Frank . certainly , it be frustrate not be able to have move some of the LOI discussion into apa in order to share those with it at this -- on this call . it think it have a fairly high confidence level that it will be able to move individual facility and group of facility during this calendar year . so yes , for it to handicap it , it be frustrated that it know it have not achieve that so far , so it be a little reticent to do that . but it be confident it be put certainly all the time effort and energy into it that it need . so it be feel positive about it . fail to do that , it would look at other financing option for those facility that it would be hold for sale . got it . any color around the remain , obviously it be do a lot of thing right now from a strategic standpoint to recast the direction of the company . but any additional color around what it think the margin upside potential on it exist portfolio be today in those sort of not what it will call non - volume relate area the thing that these different specific cost and issue if it be work at . how much margin upside that it could it expect absent any incremental volume growth ?  Frank . well , it think Bob in it comment mention it see the company be a mid teen type margin profile long - term . now some of that be addition by subtraction of divesting of some of the low volume -- low margin hospital . at the same time one of the thing it long term that it anticipate the transition of the remain tsa to platform that be more appropriate for it business . and it think that present some upside as well . so again , it would point to Bob 's comment of opportunity to grow the business to a mid teen margin type business . again , there will be some addition by subtraction as it divest low margin . that be how it think business long term . got it . what about just from the completion of the TSA conversion . Could it handicap either on a dollar basis what that may be worth once it be fully phase in ? it have try not to do that because it do not know on a dollar basis what the profile of the business will look like when it transition . so without know what the revenue opportunity be because of the portfolio of hospital . it be difficult to put a dollar value on it . it have have some commentary in the past , some range and dollar value range that be base on a big portfolio . it do think the opportunity be significant . got it . in the end , on the guidance , it give some useful information , but in term of cash flow from op , what should it be think about that something like of the 40 million run rate plus , yes , it think it add that up it be something like $ 30 million worth of sort of onetime cash cost . so should it be think about cash flow from op number for ' 19 somewhere north of $ 70 million , or be there any other addition or subtraction it should be think about there . it think that be not an unfair way to look at it . at the same time obviously , the midpoint of it guidance would suggest growth year - over - year from an adjust EBITDA perspective to say it would want to factor that in as well . but , it think it rough justice be probably directionally the right way to think about it . okay . and just one final , it will hop off here , just as it mention the potential refinance come up down the road sometime maybe later this year . just any color there ? and it will hop off .  again . well , it think Bob touch on it relative to it folk and it have be very transparent about it desire to move the profile of the business to a 6x perspective profile that would facilitate , what it think be a meaningful refinance interest saving of over 300 basis point . as Bob also mention -- and to it first question fail to achieve that certainly do not remove the opportunity for material benefit from it refinancing , but probably reduce how much interest it may save . so those be all thing that it be look at . it think it have be very clear that in the next year , it would like to one of it objective be to complete that refinance . okay .  it . it next question come from Zack Sopcak from Morgan Stanley . hey  .  for the question . it want to first clarify on the divestiture target . the 40 million delta , it guess the midpoint between last quarter and this quarter . Could it just clarify be that just a low assumption for the -- what it would get for the asset there for sale or be it a different mix of hospital that it should be think about that be for sale ? sure .  Zack . how it would characterize that change would be a couple different thing that be impact it . it when it give the range last year of 165 to 215 be before it have one divestiture which be -- while a low amount of proceed have a more meaningful impact from reduce the EBITDA burn at the hospital . so that go into the calculation right . the range of 125 be base on achieve that 6x leverage . so the other thing that be happen of course be , it have an api at Scenic Mountain and it have now provide update guidance for 2019 , which also go into the nexus of math to determine what be the range require to achieve a 6x leverage multiple . and the width of the range be clearly drive by hard to predict the exact mix of hospital that will be sell one that have either a loss or low ebitda contribution would mean that it would have to dispose -- it would have to generate low proceed . and if it be dispose of high EBITDA contribution hospital it will have to be at the upper end of that range . it would say it be simply math to achieve the 6x leverage and the update range be simply drive by the thing that have transpire since it first give the previous range . okay .  . that be helpful . and then a question on slide 12 in it presentation , the acuity and rate . so , if it look at Q4 year - over - year , case mix jump up seven hundred of a point and but revenue per adjust admission be basically flat , it be bellow $ 10,000 . how should it think about those two ? be it just a function of something else with the timing or how should it think about that progress go forward on the revenue per addition side ? yes . it think a couple thing there . it think it do continue to see this increase in it case mix with high acuity case . it think it will have to see that case mix kind of roll into it 90 day average of it run rate of revenue before it kind of see the full impact of that . okay . that exactly make sense . one more question that it have on the cash flow side and this be follow up on Frank 's question . when it look back to 2017 , be there any one time thing in that $ 67 million baseline that it should think about or should it think when it take out the headwind in 2018 , it be basically flat ? Alfred Lumsdaine yes . at the top off it head both have not be here , but not have take a look at . it would be hard for it to say . so it would have to come back to it with a quick one may be in the 2017 number . but it think , again , it would go back to how Frank be think about it be the way how it think about the bridge from 2018 to 2019 . okay . and then , one quick question . Alfred Lumsdaine the one time thing , it will call it one time - ish thing that impact the 2018 number . okay , perfect . one last question in it 2019 guidance , the commercial rate increase of 2 % to 3 % , be that in line with what it see in 2018 or within it expectation or be that perhaps low than it be expect ? overall , it see that it net revenue per adjust admission go up by about 4 % , 4.5 % in 2018 . it think that be a pretty conservative number . it mean it do have to calculate in some certain situation where it may have to take on some rate reduction , certain contractual relationship maybe where it have have a beneficial rate over a period of time . but it think it be a pretty conservative number right there for this year . okay . so of that 4.5 % in 2018 , some of that be mix , right , as well as rate , anything like 2 to 3 , okay . that be 2 to 3 be probably somewhat comparable . okay , great .  it . that be all it have for now . it appreciate it . [ Operator Instructions ] the next question come from Elie Radinsky from Cantor Fitzgerald .  it for take it call . when it talk about refinance , be that just a straight debt refinancing , or be it look at other alternative like reit buy into the facility that it have or potentially ask other for an equity contribution for a stake in the company . it just want to find out how be it define refinance ? well , it think while it would [ love ] [ ph ] to take any option off of the table as it be talk about it now , it be contemplate what it would categorize as a conventional refinancing . okay . how many of these facility that it believe that it have to sell in order to get to or it have internally designate for sale in order to get to the number which have be articulate to it . do it have a letter of intent or a definitive agreement on ? well , it have stop give the letter of intent pipeline information simply because it be so difficult to predict whether those initial indication of interest be go to move to an apa . so , it have find in the past that people get all excited and focus on the loi , but it be not a good predictor of be able to get those facility into an apa and close . so , it can not respond to that . it be focus primarily on eight facility to give it some size of the effort as it spend a good time in this call talk about it have have some significant increase in profitability in some of it summer building . and some of it initiative have take hold . when it begin here eight or nine month ago that number may have be different . and there be certainly some facility in that eighth that it be currently work on that it would like to keep if financially it could do that and still meet it refinance goal . so , hopefully that give it some color around what the current activity be . but the one thing it can definitely response because to Bob 's point it be a good predictor , it be a definitive agreement which it have 100 definitive agreement currently and it expect that to close in the next roughly 30 day . okay . so , it have seven but it be not at the definitive state , but it shopping actively , be that correct ? it think when Bob be mention eight that be very active . it be not include it and so it would still be eight . 