capital spending for the third quarter come in at approximately $ 160 million with it capital spend for the first three quarter total $ 576 million . base on it current activity forecast , fourth quarter capital spending be project to be at a similar level of $ 160 million result in a total capital spend of $ 736 million for the year . this be a $ 20 million below it capital budget spend set at the beginning of the year and be a direct result of the operational and technical team ' effort to find and implement innovative operational efficiency and ability to capture service cost reduction in the current environment . similar to last year , the initiative drive it capital underspend be primarily attribute to the continue success of it water - share program , improve drilling and completion efficiency associate with long lateral development and service cost reduction . utilize other producer ' water in the third quarter or , as it call it , water sharing , total 750,000 barrel and represent an over 80 % increase compare to the same time period a year ago . and similar to it update for the second quarter , this translate into an approximate $ 2 million reduction in completion cost for the quarter . production for the third quarter close out above 2.24 Bcf equivalent per day , exceed it revise guidance for the quarter . the Sunoco maintenance that reduce the amount of ethane it produce in the third quarter have return to normal operation in early October and will result in more efficient transportation to Marcus Hook go forward . well - than - expect field run time in it production operation and continue strong well performance from both new and exist well across Southwest PA help to offset a portion of the maintenance - relate impact to ethane production in September . fourth quarter production guidance be be set at 2.33 to 2.35 Bcf equivalent per day as it expect to finish out the year with 28 well be turn to sale or 29 % of it annual 2019 turn - in - line number . please note that it fourth quarter production guidance account for the recently announce royalty sale . look back on some of the third quarter operational highlight . in Appalachia , the team turn to sale 22 well on six pad during the quarter from an average lateral length of over 10,800 foot . the new well be spread across all three area of the field cover it dry , wet and super - rich acreage and generate some of it top - produce well for the year . it would like to take a minute and cover some of the exceptional pad from each of these area . in the wet gas area , it turn to sale a strong pad that generate the top three produce well for the year thus far . this pad be in the heart of the field with a per well average initial production of more than 40 million cubic foot equivalent per day . this average initial rate also include over 3,800 barrel per day of combine NGL and condensate production on a per - well basis . in the super - rich portion of the field , it continue to see result consistent with well turn to sale in the first half of 2019 . in the third quarter , eight well across three different pad be turn to sale . one pad produce over 2,500 barrel of condensate per day from just three well and after two month continue to produce more than 1,500 barrel a day . and lastly , in the dry gas area , it bring online it second high produce pad of 2019 where it six well pad generate an average initial production of more than 35 million cubic foot per well . this dry gas pad continue to be a strong performer , produce over 100 million cubic foot per day after three month under constrained condition . each of these example add to it grow list of strong performing , repeatable produce pad , as mention on previous call . as it look into the fourth quarter , it be schedule to turn in line approximately 28 well to finish out the year . these well represent approximately 1/3 of the well and nearly 40 % of the total lateral footage to go into production this year , put it on solid footing as it enter 2020 . in conjunction with it annual plan , the drilling team see a reduction in activity during the third quarter as it move to two rig in Appalachia . even in the environment of a reduction in activity , the Appalachia drilling team be able to achieve gain in operational efficiency while it daily lateral footage drill increase approximately 35 % in the third quarter compare to the first half of 2019 . this substantial increase in daily footage drill can be directly attribute to utilize new , directional drilling technology for both curve and lateral application . with initiative like these , the team have be able to reduce the drilling cost per lateral foot by 5 % in 2019 versus last year . in addition to drill well quicker , lateral length to continue to increase year - over - year . compare to last year , the 2019 year - to - date average drill lateral length be approximately 11,700 foot , which be a 13 % increase over the average drill lateral length in 2018 . and the increase drill footage support it early plan for 2020 to turn to sale well with an average horizontal length of over 11,000 foot . similar to it drilling operation , it completion team have continue to build upon it prior success by execute more frac stage in the third quarter with few frac fleet need . the efficiency mention above , couple with it innovative water handling , be keep Range at the leading edge of well cost per foot and F&D cost per Mcfe . as part of that effort to stay a step ahead , it would like to provide an update on two area showcase the creativity of it team . the first initiative be relate to the electric fracture fleet test that be mention on it second quarter call . the team have since complete it second pad with this fleet , which be locate in it dry gas acreage in Southwestern PA . over 400 frac stage be complete on this pad while average almost nine stage per day , all while the team continue to refine procedure and process during the operation . efficiency of over 10 frac stage per day be achieve multiple time with the peak level observe to 14 stage per day . during the three month test run , the team capture fuel saving of over $ 1.2 million while also reduce emission and noise level . look at the early result , couple with it unique , contiguous acreage position and regular ability to move back to pad with exist production , it see exciting potential with this technology . it be currently prepare to utilize this electric fleet into year - end and be evaluate it potential versus conventional fleet for it 2020 program . the second initiative involve it production and facility team take the next step in reduce emission during flowback operation . during the past few month , it team have be able to update the equipment and process use during flowback , which be result in further reduce emission in it wet and super - rich operation in Southwest Pennsylvania . the enhanced flowback process have be test across seven pad site , generate an estimate emission reduction of over 80 % during the flowback phase with essentially no impact to cost . the team be encourage by the early result and plan to follow up with a test in it dry gas acreage early next year . give it team 's dedication , hard work and creativity , it be optimistic the team will advance this initiative as it strive to reach it ultimate goal of zero net emission . similar to it commitment to the environment , it team strive to operate in a manner that protect the safety of it employee , contractor and the public . it focus on safety performance improvement this year have pay off by generate a 30 % reduction in employee and contractor workforce OSHA recordable compare to the same time period last year . in addition to it worksite focus , it have build upon the success of it vehicle safety program this year by expand the use of vehicle monitoring system , and it be show encourage result by further reduce it preventable vehicle incident . it realize that it must continue improve it day - to - day safety and environmental performance to consider it successful on all front of it operation . now turn briefly to NGL marketing . as it mention earlier , the Mariner East 1 pipeline be return to service during the second week of October , allow Range to resume transportation and export of 20,000 barrel per day of ethane via the Marcus Hook terminal . propane and butane export arb extend second quarter gain on continued strong demand and curtailment in supply from various region . in particular , September saudi oil disruption result in a sharp appreciation of export value for LPG . with this occurrence , Range maximize the LPG export during the third quarter use both pipeline and rail access to export terminal . propane export value at the dock remain elevated and be currently estimate at $ 0.10 per gallon versus Mont Belvieu index . the combination of ethane rejection during the quarter and access to international market for propane and butane lead to the good differential to Mont Belvieu that Range have realize in recent history . look forward into 2020 , Range plan to maintain a strong NGL differential as additional pipeline capacity become available next summer , enhance margin through improved logistic and additional international exposure . as it get ready to hand it over to Mark to discuss the financial , it would like to close out by express it  to it team for deliver on another strong quarter through creative initiative , allow it to deliver on it operational , safety and environmental goal , all below it plan capital budget result in it good operational program yet . it will now turn it over to Mark .  , Dennis . as it continue to execute on it strategy to navigate this commodity price cycle , third quarter activity focus on enhance financial strength , increase liquidity , reduce debt , reduce cost and maximize cash flow generate by judicious capital investment . pricing during the third quarter continue to be challenge . nevertheless , Range successfully close several material transaction that bolster the company 's financial foundation and continue to extend the visible runway and flexibility available to support it long - term strategy while mitigate near - term risk . with operation track plan result , Range generate year - to - date cash flow from operation of approximately $ 550 million . year - to - date capital investment be trend below the annual budget of $ 756 million . and as Dennis mention , it intend to finish the year with capital spending below budget . in addition to capital conservation while execute operationally , Range have focus on operating and overhead cost with the benefit of this year 's effort evident in third quarter unit cost . during the third quarter , it deliver on plan discuss previously with cash unit cost well than guidance . the quarter - over - quarter improvement of $ 0.06 per unit and $ 0.16 per unit compare to the fourth quarter of last year be the result of efficiency across the board lead by improvement in gathering , processing and transport . as a reminder , recall that Range guide to a $ 0.30 improvement over the course of the five year outlook , whereas year - to - date , it have already achieve over 50 % of that goal . in total , this put current cash unit cost at $ 2.02 with expect further improvement to cash unit cost to below $ 2 and aggregate unit cost reduction in excess of the $ 0.30 improvement over time . on recent call , it describe gathering , processing , transport expense in some detail give it importance as the large individual line item . for the third quarter , GP&T be reduce to $ 1.43 per Mcfe compare to $ 1.51 in the fourth quarter last year . consistent with it guidance , this line item peak at the end of 2018 as it last contract gas transport capacity come online . as plan , full utilization of infrastructure be drive down this cost on a unit basis . go forward , even in a maintenance capital scenario , there be reduction in absolute spend that can extend this improve trend in per unit GP&T cost near , medium and long term . Range 's lease operating cost , exclude workover , have decline in absolute and on a per unit of production basis compare to the third quarter last year and compare to the precede quarter this year with third quarter cost decline to $ 0.13 per Mcfe . incremental workover cost of $ 0.02 per Mcfe during the third quarter relate to specific project design to optimize exist production . these be low - cost quick payback investment to make the most of exist infrastructure and production . continued strong performance be drive by diligent operation in the field with specific saving relate to water handling . Cash G&A expense be an important figure during the third quarter as it be the first quarter reflective of a wide range of cost management initiative . last quarter , it mention the target of achieve a 10 % reduction in absolute spend on an annualize basis with third quarter cash G&A expense of approximately $ 33 million . this represent approximately a 15 % decline from the precede quarter and annualize , a similar decline from prior year . while quarterly expense do fluctuate , it expect the majority of this decrease to be sustainable and indicative of ongoing cost management . during the quarter , it close on the sale of royalty interest for gross proceed of $ 750 million . this bring divestiture proceed over the past year to approximately $ 1.1 billion , which have directly go to reduce debt . on the topic of further balance sheet improvement , it be currently market several additional opportunity . these process be in various stage . and as it have consistently do in the past , it will announce result , but it will not establish a public dollar threshold or definitive time line . suffice it to say , it have a deep inventory project that it believe it can divest at reasonable value , particularly in comparison to the value of it common equity . divestiture proceed be use to reduce borrowing with the bank line of credit decline to $ 328 million at the end of the third quarter . the balance of the revolving line of credit also reflect the result of open - market repurchase of approximately $ 94 million in face value of bond with maturity in 2021 and 2022 . during the quarter , it begin opportunistically repurchase this near - term maturity at a modest discount . it be it intention to continue strengthen the balance sheet through debt reduction and through proactively address near - term maturity . repurchase these bond and any future bond repurchase serve to facilitate refinance in a cost - effective manner . liquidity be improve with divestiture proceed , but as recently announce , it also increase liquidity to the expansion of lender commitment under the revolver by 20 % , an incremental $ 400 million to a total of $ 2.4 billion . this bring available liquidity after borrowing and letter of credit to $ 1.8 billion . it should also be note that Range 's borrowing base remain at $ 3 billion with asset coverage potential above that figure provide additional cushion . while there be time before the first bond maturity in June 2021 , this incremental liquidity serve as a potential backstop to help manage maturity . it remain focused on reduce debt , reduce borrowing cost and maintain a thoughtful maturity ladder . another component of it recent announcement be the initiation of a share repurchase program size at $ 100 million . the size , timing and framework for deploy capital through this repurchase program be carefully consider . it be Range 's first priority to maintain and strengthen it financial foundation . with $ 1.1 billion in divestiture proceed and an incremental $ 400 million in availability under the revolver , substantial progress have be make . meanwhile , Range 's stock price have suffer give commodity price and leverage concern . however , when view from a variety of valuation perspective , be it net asset value per share , cash flow per share , production per share or reserve per share , it believe the value acquire via share at these price level be compelling . consequently , a share repurchase program equating to great than 10 % of current market cap have be approve . while debt reduction remain it priority in light of the substantial reduction in debt and enhanced liquidity achieve , combine with it ongoing effort , the potential allocation of less than 10 % of recent divestiture proceed for future opportunistic repurchase be a carefully balance strategy . as it look at the progress make in 2019 in term of operate efficiently , safely , manage cost and the balance sheet , tangible achievement have be deliver against it strategic objective . as it work through plan for 2020 , it remain it priority to fund the business organically from cash flow to further strengthen the financial position and continue to protect and grow margin through ongoing cost management . in summary , it remain focused on continuous improvement to position Range to effectively navigate commodity price cycle and to create long - term value while prudently manage risk . Jeff , back to it . Jeffrey Ventura operator , let it open it up for Q&A. question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . the first question be from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan . Jeff , it first question regard the sustain capex number . it cite $ 650 million for 2020 . it be wonder if it could maybe give it a sense of what kind of rig count activity , TIL activity do it need to keep production flat from 2019 level . it have not see a little bit of a reduction in the rig count look at some of the publicly available datum , so it just want it to give a sense of what the 2020 program could look like on a maintenance or sustain basis . Jeffrey Ventura okay . yes . it will start and then it will turn it over to Dennis for a little more detail . but it think when it look at the capital spend that it have this year and it look at the rig cadence and go up and down a little bit , rig be important . it think lateral footage drill be really a critical way to look at it . when it look at it well carry in from ' 18 into ' 19 and ' 19 into ' 20 and what it be project from ' 20 to ' 21 , that -- the lateral footage be pretty consistent . so again , it have an advantage in that it have a relatively low decline rate relative to it peer in high - quality well and peer - lead PNC . but Dennis , do it want to put a little more color on that ? it betcha . yes .  . it look like as it look forward -- it mean first of all , it planning group put a lot of diligence in not only look at what the upcoming year will present , but also the next couple of year that follow . so inventory management be something that it keep on the forefront in line with it activity . what it have learn clearly over the last several year be that rig activity and rig count be not always the good proxy for what kind of inventory that be go to be generate . so back to Jeff 's point , it really come down to lateral foot that it be go to generate . in the call , it touch on it . but it drilling team have really do a phenomenal job just not only over the last 24 month , but just even also in the last quarter by drill 35 % faster in the lateral section compare to what it do on average in the first half of the year . so as it have be able to reduce down in rig count , a , it be be in line with it plan for the year . it be -- it be always play to be front - end loaded . but it also see that it be generate more lateral footage for the same number of rig base upon the efficiency it service provider and it operating and technical team on the drilling side have be able to generate . so it feel really comfortable with the inventory that be be generate here as it end off 2019 and get ready to go into 2020 and also see that be sustainable for a -- it mean this capital perspective for the year that follow . to put some other framework around it , it be probably a couple of rig as it look at the current efficiency , and that be probably somewhere in the neighborhood of a couple of frac crew , 1 to 2 as well . great . Mark , a follow - up for it . it talk about -- in the prepared remark about proactively address some of the near - term maturity . it believe it have a $ 500 million maturity or so in 2021 and just under $ 1 billion in 2022 . Could it talk about kind of it strategy for deal with those maturity ? it do have , it think it mention , $ 1.8 billion of liquidity , but give it kind of it action plan to address those maturity . sure , Arun . it think a very fair question . and what it would point to be the proactive step , the preventative nature of it activity historically of address maturity well in advance in this particular environment , whether it be through asset sale and just the absolute debt reduction . so far , obviously , as it discuss , over $ 1 billion of absolute debt reduction . the expansion of the bank credit facility provide again a backstop . so there be one alternative . but clearly , it will monitor the market and the condition of the market for potential refinancing and move as soon as reasonably practical to push those maturity out . it be , of course , cost - sensitive . but on a risk - adjust basis , it just want to make sure , as it mention during it prepared remark , that it have a nice , thoughtful , safe maturity ladder with no imminent maturity . so it know that be a generic answer . but again , it be it approach to have multiple option , multiple way of deal with it financial and operational matter and decision that need to be make . and it think it have kind of lay the groundwork for that on a financial front as well in term of refinance and have a backstop alternative . the next question come from Brad Heffern of RBC Capital Markets . Bradley Heffern on 2020 , it be wonder if it see the flat price for gas stay similar to where it be now , around $ 2.30 or so . be there a chance that it could let production decline in order to keep from outspende cash flow ? or be maintenance CapEx sort of the floor on what a capital program could be ? Brad , this be Mark . it will start with that , and it may each chime in . so it think the framework it have outline , the first priority be operate the business with organically generate cash flow . so that will be the premise that it base it 2020 plan on . it be see significant cost saving . it be see improve operation , as Dennis just describe a moment ago . so there be tremendous flexibility in it business model that overlay the asset base as well give the fact that all of it infrastructure be fully utilize . there be no drilling obligation that would require it to spend . there be no compete force that necessitate kind of abnormal growth in this commodity price environment . so it have the flexibility of do a maintenance capital . and to -- more directly to it question , there be a scenario where it could allow modest production decline , and it maintain it unit cost or unit cost level . so it be possible to allow production go into a modest decline . Bradley Heffern okay . and then it guess if it could give a little more color on the repurchase and just the priority of that versus debt . obviously , it guy like the share -- well , it do not like the share price where it be right now , but it would like to acquire the share where it be right now . so if the stock stay at the current level , be it a program that could go relatively quickly ? or be it go to be balance more delicately between repurchase debt ? yes . it think first and foremost , it can see it priority in term of how it have deploy asset sale proceed thus far . $ 1.1 billion in gross proceed , and it have just now earmark $ 100 million for share repurchase program . so look at those two figure , it can see where it be place the priority . that be say , it do see tremendous value potential in the share and the resource potential , the production and the cash flow that can be acquire via a share repurchase program . so it be not go to provide a specific framework , a quantitative framework by which it be go to deploy that $ 100 million . it be just go to be opportunistic and judicious with , again , protect the balance sheet as a priority , but also deploy that $ 100 million program to create long - term value for it long - term shareholder . the next question be from Karl Blunden of Goldman Sachs . it appreciate the sensitivity around the explicit guidance on potential asset sale and royalty sale size . to some extent , it be important though when think about the size of the maturity wall to think about how much it could potentially do and then still have the result in NRI be acceptable for yourself and relative to industry standard . be there any way to quantify it in that way ? well , it think just look at the last 12 month be a good indicator . it have sell 3.5 % overwriting royalty interest and some modest noncore acreage for gross proceed of over $ 1.1 billion . if it look at other basis with NRIs average around 75 % , it be still substantially above that . there be obviously a host of option it have in it portfolio that it could seek to divest and generate proceed ; royalty be certainly among those . so if it be try to draw a large box around it , it think , for lack of a well example , it would just look at what it have accomplish over the last 12 month and say that there be really a possibility of replicate something like that . got it . that make sense . and it have note of course that the valuation it receive have be pretty much constant over the last 12 month . that speak to some debt in the market . just with regard to some comment around potentially consider revolver drawing to pay down bond , it understand that decision be to be make at a later point in time , it have see some period in oily basin , it mean covenant to allow for in excess of , for example , 700 million of drawing to do that . be that -- how should it think about the size and how much liquidity it would use on it revolver to do that versus sit down and make a tough decision as to be this the time to extend maturity use secured debt , for example ? so it be not in a position any time in the near future to have to really begin seriously explore layer the exist senior note . the revolving credit agreement allow it to repurchase debt , which it have already begin that program , as it mention , and the detail be disclose in the 10-Q , but it have repurchase face value of $ 94 million between the ' 21 and ' 22 note already at a modest discount . so there be an opportunity here that it can continue opportunistically repurchase those near - term maturity , ' 21 and ' 22s . so it just help facilitate a refinancing when that become appropriate in time line . so there be a modest limitation in the credit agreement . but as long as it have 15 % availability under the commitment , it can repurchase up to that amount under the revolver . clearly not it intention to just pull all of that in and use bank debt to do it . but just as frame of reference , that be the level and extent of the liquidity it have available to it . the next question be from David Deckelbaum of Cowen . David Deckelbaum it just have maybe just one broad question , just about the buyback . just curious on the timing that it be introduce it now . it guy have highlight the discounted pdp for some time . be this sort of the discount one it over -- just the prolonged duration of that , be this an external demand ? be it something that internally it all have devise ? just curious around the timing have come up now , particularly in light of the endeavor to delever the balance sheet . Jeffrey Ventura it be a culmination of the effort that have be under the way this year , first and foremost , be debt reduction be the short answer . Valuation certainly play a part in that . but first and foremost , it be reposition the balance sheet with $ 1 billion in debt reduction . David Deckelbaum okay . and then just to ask on the maintenance capital go into next year . it think it all have delineate the $ 650 million or so all - in and then around $ 550 million or so just on D&C side . one , it guess , be that sort of the broad level to think about beyond ' 20 in that five year plan , that sort of $ 100 million of other capital ? do that inflect lower at all ? and then it guess , two , it suppose it do not -- that would not necessarily benefit from any tailwind of -- it be not necessarily include saving on the water side in those number because it would like to get a well sense of what it see drilling activity be low in Appalachia over time if there be just a great upside then on water saving from water sharing . David , this be Dennis . yes . it think in the last call , one of the thing be it start to touch on the capital require for maintenance capital . it think it may have say at one point in time , the number it be frame of $ 550 million to a $ 600 million kind of assessment , that be also early in the year , end of 2018 kind of view . but once the program for 2019 then take shape , front - end loaded activity have a strong ramp in production for Q4 , it be what start to fluctuate , if it will , to maybe be more close to that $ 650-million - type number . it do not think it be view $ 100 million in non - d&c capital as a part of that right now . it should be something significantly less . and it think a lot of it have to do with when it look at it responsible land capital spending , as an example , a lot of it acreage be hold by production . so land spending have reduce year - over - year not only as it have see the land get hold through it activity , but also through just those strategic lease that need to be pick up then start to get small and small . so it would estimate that delta between the non - d&c capital and D&C to be much low than what it have reflect here . David Deckelbaum okay . all right . understand . and then just to -- if it could , any color on just the water saving it be experience . be this just a function of just low activity in the basin and less demand for water ? a few year ago , it be go to say this be probably the 2014 - 2015 time frame . it have -- it have be on at that point about a three to four year run of recycle 100 % of it produce water in Southwest PA . so good initiative there , very creative by it local team there in Pennsylvania . what it then see be an opportunity to expand that through water sharing with other operator . clearly , as it program start to slow in activity , it have the ability to utilize more of it water . though it be at 100 % recycling in those year , it still make up about 40 % to 45 % of it total water use . so there be an opportunity to take other people 's water . so it view it as a win - win . it view it in line with it ESG report that it announce earlier this year , which it be excite about . and it see this as saving not only that it be capture this year , but it also capture it similarly last year . Will it be able to continue this ? it be optimistic that it can . and a lot of it have to do with those partnership and the relationship it develop with those other operator . with it contiguous acreage position , it really lend it to the ability to capitalize on those saving year - over - year depend upon the program . [ Operator Instructions ] . it will go to Kevin Cunane with Citi for it final question . it just have a quick question on it unit cost assumption under it maintenance CapEx scenario . it mention transportation come down despite move to maintenance . so be that just it Louisiana contract pull off ? or be there something else there as well ? Jeffrey Ventura there be variety of piece to it . just continue to optimize the exist transport , there be a processing contract roll off . there be some other more modest local gas transport contract that it can rearrange and/or allow to expire . so it come in a variety of form , include perhaps move NGL transport off of rail on to pipeline . so there be a number of form that help drive a reduction in spend even in maintenance capex - type scenario . got it . understand . and then it guess just on it DUC count . do it guy have an active drill down fleet that it have own through the end of year and into next ? Jeffrey Ventura yes . it would say -- yes . Kevin , it have a very consistent -- it would say , a lot of it be really fairly just in time base upon the activity level that it have . so rarely have it carry a strong duc inventory . and a lot of that have to do with the fact that once it be move in to do that activity , it have a pipeline in the ground in most case and it be ready to produce those well . so it be carry a very consistent DUC inventory from 2019 into 2020 that it would see within a small bandwidth from prior year as well . 