it name be Son from SoftBank .  it very much for join today . recently there be lot of thing that it regret or learn . what it be regret be that it be too conservative or it be too smart - think small or because there be thing like paradigm shift go on but too much focus on the daily routine and just spend time on that , and for those day , it should have act more aggressively to address the evolution of technology and the paradigm shift of the industry . however in front of it , it need to turnaround Sprint , that ’ the big challenge and also it have in japanese market , which be relatively small , it do have several challenge . and as entrepreneur , and as a part of the information revolution , it be actually tell about it and the regret and learn from there that it have focus too much on the daily working and do not really think big . SoftBank 2.0 be actually make to create SoftBank Group Corp , a more global and aggressive company to cope with any change or dynamic of this industry and it have to be the lead player of such a change . and the first change that it have make be the acquisition of ARM . by divest something that unwilling asset and make the money to acquire ARM . and that be to be ready for the paradigm shift with ARM or in the industry , and it have be think about this company for the past 10 year and it make a decision but that be not enough . that be just the beginning of SoftBank 2.0 . that be it thought . and to pursue the big change or big growth of the company , it also have to focus on the debt level . of course easy to say that it reduce it debt by half by sell half of it position of Alibaba , that can be easily reduce it net interest bear debt . but it still believe in Alibaba ’s future . it be still in the process of growth and it have a big future . last week there be earning release announcement by Alibaba , and as it can see from there , it be still make a big growth and in the middle of the growth , from the sense not divest of it asset , but those because be still very much promise and make a growth so not sell those but still at the same time be ready for the change . what kind of thing need to be prepare , and the answer be SoftBank Vision Fund that it come up with . and when it create such a base , then it should not be small . it should think big . so that be why that it announce the creation of SoftBank Vision Fund with ¥ 10 trillion . that ’ also in it presentation now that it would like to go to the presentation material . consolidated result . this content be rather boring but the number be grow . and it think it have to go at least as much . net sale , adjust EBITDA , ebit and net income , it be all grow . and if could explain this a little in yen basis , it be down by 0.2 % but the domestic business be grow in sale and profit . now overseas business , Sprint . on dollar term , sale be grow , but on yen basis , because of the strong yen , the sale be decline slightly and that be just an excuse . but adjust EBITDA be grow both on yen basis and dollar basis , 7 % growth . yellow part be Sprint . as it say at the outset , until now it be a drag on SoftBank consolidated profit . it be a drag . however go forward , Sprint will at least be profit growth engine of SoftBank Group . Sprint will be a growth engine . and it have be confident recently that that will be the case , and it will elaborate on this later . EBIT be also grow , and the breakdown be as follow . Yahoo Japan last year consolidate ASKUL . so there be a one - off profit , but exclude this event , the Domestic Telco , Yahoo Japan , Sprint be all grow steadily . the growth - in term of growth rate , in term of profit contribution , Sprint will be the large factor . with the acquisition of ARM , SoftBank ’s consolidated net debt EBITDA multiple have once exceed 4x but in the near future within a few year this will be below 3.5x . and once it fall below 3.5x , this will be a healthy level . and it think this below 3.5x multiple will be possible . now it talk about the major segment start with domestic business . domestic Telco EBIT , plus 9 % growth . it be boring but steadily steady growth . the cumulative number of subscriber be grow , and SoftBank - since the start of SoftBank Mobile , churn rate have be at the low level and it be make various effort to acquire customer , subscriber . SoftBank Hikari . this be the driver of customer acquisition and be now function fully and steadily . and as a result , the churn rate be improve significantly and free cash flow be also grow dramatically . the account - free cash flow on accounting basis can be express in various way but what be important be free cash flow as the result of business , capex or tax , include those factor , free cash flow be the money that it have in the end and free cash flow be now finally at the harvest phase . ¥ 600 billion level free cash flow . so it think it be in a steady harvesting phase . go forward , it will be able to generate cash in a stable fashion go forward . so the Domestic Telco be trend very stably . Next be Sprint . for the past three year , Sprint have be a drag on it consolidated basis and be the big reason it debt increase . originally Sprint and T - Mobile , it be go to acquire both , merge it and have a company that be equal to AT&T and Verizon to have a hit on competition . that be it basic strategy . but because of the rejection by the U.S. government , it basic strategy do not work out . but as a result , it have difficulty , but it make steady effort . and as a result , the net loss stop and net addition - it be able to make a turnaround for net addition , so now it be see a steady increase in the number of subscriber . the churn rate be now at the good level in Sprint history . and as a result , churn rate be down and subscriber be now net addition , so the sale decline do not stop but now the - and the sale be decline in accelerated pace but now it be finally hit the bottom and make a turnaround . it be easy to increase cost to increase sale . increase sale to increase the number of subscriber be easy , but what it be do be decrease , reduce the cost and increase sale . this be not easy . it ’ not easy to reduce cost and increase the number of user but it be do this at the same time . and as a result , Sprint ’s EBITDA , the profit before depreciation , have now double since it acquire Sprint . in a few more year , Sprint will be the most dramatic large scale turnaround in the U.S. history . it will be mark in the U.S. economic history that this will be a big most dramatic turnaround in a few year . as a result , Sprint ’s free cash flow have make a turnaround . until now it be hundred of billion of yen of loss every year . this be only first half , but on the annual basis , it be hundred of billion of yen loss , deficit . but now it be turn around to enter the positive territory . so cost be reduce . fix cost be reduce , CapEx be reduce significantly . CapEx be now reduce by hundred of billion of yen but even then the network improvement among the U.S. company be show the big improvement . this be because it be utilize the network design technology that SoftBank have cultivate over the year and this be function well . so Sprint ’s network be now steadily improve and show the high improvement rate . free cash flow be improve and network be improve , and that be why Sprint ’s churn rate be show the big improvement at the high level ever , good level ever . so Sprint have be a drag until now , but finally , it be see a good prospect of a turnaround . so now it can turn again to offence , so it be finally at that stage . another domestic business , Yahoo Japan . Yahoo Japan - the U.S. Yahoo post big loss and have to do restructuring and be at the point of selling , but Yahoo Japan be grow steadily . ad be now shift from pc to smartphone , and in the small screen , the search ad and display ad value be seem to be decline , but Yahoo Japan be overcome this crisis . and in e - commerce , it be show the big growth in Japan . Yahoo be grow the most in e - commerce in Japan . the SoftBank 2.0 , as the first step of the aggressive move , ARM acquisition have be announce . and after it actually complete transaction and see the management meet with management and also meet - have a visit - make a visit to the major client together with CEO , Simon , here . there be major seven or eight client that it have make a visit and it have a management - to - management discussion and it be tell it that the ARM be essential company and that it would like to make a contract for about 10 year , come 10 year or so . and actually ARM have already make a development roadmap for come 10 year or so . there be so many company around there in the world , but actually there be no such company who can foresee 10 year ahead and create a clear vision of the 10-year ahead of development roadmap . with such a fast evolve industry , and actually it be create energetic people in part of the industry and design build a 10-year ahead of the roadmap for the design in each client show that the strong interest on joint development , joint project and so on . so it be happy to hear those . so it be so happy and even more confident in ARM acquisition and also late technology create new revenue stream in make a rapid growth there . so in the various type of product , ARM be in it . IoT about one trillion product will be - be ARM product go forward . not only those small device but also in those network and server like big equipment such as base station of telecommunication service and so on also mount with intelligent antenna also be use ARM antennas and so on . so server side of the infrastructure and also close side , the ARM core be go to be provide more and more service and also supercomputer , Post - K Supercomputer . this be also the national project of Japan . and the Post - K have already adapt and also decide to redesign with ARM architecture . so that ’ the original make that actually go to use so much ARM product , so that it would be able to come up with more reasonable and also power - efficient energy - efficient structure be go to be make . so not only for the small device such as smartphone or iot device , but ARM be also be use and go to be use with such huge project or the product . and also security be go to be even more important go forward . and recently in IoT area , virus be become more issue and hack incident be happen here and there and that have be also cover in media and newspaper . go forward , security be go to be even more important and that have be reconfirm . so whenever it buy a new car , do it know those car sell as of today - do it know that there be hundred of ARM product in one car , do it know that ? several hundred of ARM product in one car . and not only ARM but also various microcomputer chipset be there in the car . do it know that ? so those car that it be drive as of today , right now or be it buy , so those chipset - actually those chipset be all build in the cell that those be not encrypt . there be no such security in those chip area at all . so far car be only operate inside of the car and make a communication between chipset and chipset inside of one car , so the communication be complete inside of one car . therefore there be no such need for encryption . automotive producer be not be expert of microcomputer . it be just buy microchip outside of the company and just put into the car . so it be not the expert of semiconductor . so purely or in a certain way , it be bring - buy those chip and building , mount on it car . there be no such encryption in the car production but it do not have to worry about that too much . but it know now , there be connect car available around and slowly be cover by many media . what be connected car ? what car be connect to the internet , so the communication inside of the car be not complete inside of the car but actually it go out of the car . so not the internal communication any more , but the car be make external communication so that the communicating with internet , connect with internet , such era already have come . so once it connect it to the internet not only the beneficial information be connect but at the same time it may be connect to the virus , so it have a possibility of be hack . but although there be no such encryption make in the chipset and once the virus come in , what happen ? all of a sudden , the car around the world - all the car around the world could kick off the virus inside of the car and it could stop all the car or the break be go to be out of service all of the sudden on the highway or sometimes somewhere . then highway system could be damage for 30 year equivalence may loss lot of big - huge risk of lose a lot of life and so . so those kind of thing be come very near , so it can not already unnecessarily just put buy those chipset and put into the car any more . it be go to be the matter of national security . it be go to be the matter of human being ’ life . so car which be not encrypt should not be connect , that kind of law need to be regulate , and also automobile producer should recall those car which have not be encrypt . so once that information society come in , mean that it have more convenience but at the same time it need to pay for the risk , so that security be go to be the most important tool . at the same time more reasonable energy - efficient but also safety and security encrypt chipset be go to be most need and that be go to be very important . and for that , this time new product Cortex - M33 , Cortex - M23 have enhance it security level and at the same time very small size . so 80 % reduction of the size or 95 % small , so it can see that this be the tip of the pencil and it be go to be about of same size , but this be even small in M23 , so small and more efficient in energy and high capability but at the same time highly secure . usually if it enhance the security , mean it need to encrypt it . the encryption mean it need to encrypt it through therefore the performance be go to be go down . there be lot of burden on that , but still at the same time it have improve the capability performance but at the same time it enhance the encryption security . so ARM equal to safely and secure inside [ indiscernible ] actually . if it be not use ARM , mean that it be go to be - it have to worry about the security , so that be go to be the kind of key word . so from standpoint it be so happy to be able to have this company with it group . in the number of shipment , it ’ increase even more dramatically and explosively so that the SoftBank 2.0 and this be the first step of SoftBank 2.0 . why SoftBank Group have sell Supercell share , gungho share and also even the Alibaba share , partly sell willingly and go to the investment in ARM be because it want to be very much prepare for the time of the paradigm shift . and that will be touch on later but before it go into that , why it do not want to sell or it be willing to sell of share of Alibaba , that ’ something that for it confirmation that it would like to pick up some page . last week announcement Alibaba earning result be make . market cap actually exceed Toyota which be the big in Japan in term of market cap . total market cap level be already big than that Toyota 20-some - trillion - yen , and in the past one year total revenue have increase by 55 % . net income in the late three month ¥ 200 billion . only for three month ¥ 200 billion net income and the size have increase by 41 % . and Alibaba have not be in the matured stage yet . actually it be make a lot of investment such as AliCloud on finance , Alipay and so on . so there be lot and lot of investment be also happen in Alibaba and not yet be mature but already make ¥ 200 billion per month - three month and also make an increase of 41 % in net income . so actually it do not want to sell share of Alibaba but even though it need to sell a part of it , but actually it still have about ¥ 7 trillion to ¥ 8 trillion equivalent of the Alibaba share with it but actually this time it have sell for ¥ 1 trillion yen equivalence and still it want to do this first step of SoftBank 2.0 . and that be because it want to accelerate the growth strategy of SoftBank Group to enter into SoftBank 2.0 . why be it head there ? it ’ because there it vision that it be so sure about and it be so confident . it may not agree with it but for it this be something that it be so confident that it need to be serious about as a group which be singularity . it have be pick this word so many time in the public occasion and speak of singularity but intelligence capability of computer be explosively exceed the intelligence of human being , and it be almost there . actually in some segment there have already be happen such as chess or go or so those kind of thing have already show improve that intelligence of computer exhibit human being intelligence . so game of go or chess be the limited area for now but actually that will be happen in variety of area . so as the singularity time that the computer exceed which mean that the old industry need to be redefine . so as like industrial revolution like agricultural or those manual production , those kind of industry have completely change by have the energy and that have be define after the industrial revolution . so in the past that those locomotive thing have enter after have the energy and actually exceed the manpower and it can bring the - transport the thing much faster and much longer , that ’ the industrial revolution . but in information revolution not the manpower , actually it have energy so that human thinking be not any more . actually microcomputer will give it even faster and deep and precise answer than human thing and also can improve the productivity . so that kind of era be already come so close , which mean once again that all industry will be redefine like Uber type of service one example , good example it believe . airbnb be another example . fintech also already be refining - redefine the financial business . Telephone actually be the mainly use for the voice call but  for Steve Jobs that have be change to smartphone , so redefine as a smartphone use the datum over internet . and Steve Jobs actually say that re - innovate the phone and that be that the Apple reborn as the big market cap company . it be almost bankrupt before but actually that kind of change make a huge big change for the company and this kind of change will be happen here and there one after another . and this be not only for the one thing , one industry or one business model , actually it ’ the very much basic change and actually the size be go to be much big than what have happen in industrial revolution . and this can be regard as the big project of human being . and SoftBank alone can not be in time for those change . such a huge change be happen here and it alone can not do that or can not lead that , that ’ why it actually regret those past day and decide to go into the new phase which be SoftBank 2.0 , and as a part of 2.0 that it make acquisition of ARM . but still there be a challenge and it may have hear so many time and it actually scare so many time that SoftBank have huge debt , that be a big challenge . so it have a good motivation but it have too many debt as well . that ’ kind of concern that the market tell it . so not increase any debt but at the same time it need to address this revolution , that ’ how it think about , and it be think about so hard and come to this conclusion , which be SoftBank Vision Fund . so this first step of ARM acquisition of SoftBank 2.0 , it debt , leverage ratio actually exceed 4.0x . at the time of acquisition of Vodafone K.K. it go to above 6.5x or so and it reduce it leverage ratio . and with this Sprint acquisition and ARM acquisition , it have increase to 4.0x . so leverage ratio - wise that it become to 4.0x or above . if it add more debt , then it can not really address SoftBank 2.0 . so what it should do ? of course like it say earlier that it can - it be earn about ¥ 600 billion level of free cash flow from the telecom - as a network operator , but that will be not enough . that level of the money will not be enough for the time of SoftBank 2.0 . and here that it be try to improve the balance sheet by reduce the leverage ratio from 4.0x from 3.5x , and at the same time be aggressive mode , which be the reason why that it come to this conclusion SoftBank Vision Fund , and size be about ¥ 10 trillion . AIIB [ ph ] that mainly lead by China be about ¥ 1 trillion but actually 10 trillion be the aggregated amount of the venture capital in United States for the past two year , or the equivalent to 2.5 year equivalence of the - all the total aggregated amount finance by joint - venture capital in United States . investment fund of private equity , the big one financing amount - actually it be - ours 4.5x of those or the size be like that but at the same time it believe ¥ 10 trillion be something . and to it this be the first step , so it actually want to kind of remind it that this be the entrance of SoftBank 2.0 . and with this ¥ 10 trillion , it would like to make it successful and then that it can think about the next step . but out of ¥ 10 trillion , ¥ 2.5 trillion be go to be come from it , and as a partner - for the first partner who agree with this idea be Saudi Arabia , PIF , Public Investment Fund money that agree the idea and put the money of ¥ 4.5 trillion . and other investment it be contact to several potential investor and it have receive a strong interest so that it be quite sure that it would be able to raise about ¥ 10 trillion . and it investment track record . so it be cultivate it market one by one and that be give it ¥ 600 billion lever of free cash flow after tax only from Japan . but at that the other hand for the return of the investment business , it have about 44 % . so this 44 % be the track record from the past 18 year . in the past 18 year , it have make investment into the internet company and make return , which be 44 % . so it be actually double down return in every two year . and here , because it make a big success in Alibaba , so that ’ why it make a big achievement . that ’ not true . actually it ’ not really come only from Alibaba . of course the size be Alibaba be huge , but if it exclude Alibaba what happen to it IRR ? that kind of question be frequently ask , and it actually work on that , and if it exclude Alibaba , it IRR be 43 % . so even without the big success of Alibaba , IRR already be achieve 43 % , not 44 % . and this be because that it make a small company , so that it have a huge return . so what happen if it also include the telecom operator ? what it say that there be heavy burden which be Sprint and also Vodafone K.K. , if it add all those two and recalculate , then the investment amount be about $ 30 billion and the return be $ 190 billion . so it invest ¥ 3 trillion and it receive as a return of ¥ 20 trillion . so this return be the - and it have surge for over 18 year , not like three year or two year something like that , but it have surge and steady once again that it have make this much of the return so far . so in the past 18 year , it have also compare with the major fund in the company , so it do not specify the name here , but it be actually make about 15 % to 10 % level and that ’ the IRR that it be make . so there be no such company that be achieve 44 % of the IRR . so this be the result . so it be once again have a confidence in it regard investment activity as well . so in the SoftBank 2.0 , it want to be so ready for the big opportunity in humankind which be similarity . and this be a partner that who actually respond to it first , a young leader in Saudi , and it say , yes , it will do it together . so it do a very good discussion and it agree with it idea . this happen about last month and it sign a memorandum and it it also have a strong interest to have SoftBank as it partner . so here be the financial strategy . SoftBank be go to be improve it leverage from 4.0x down to 3.5x within a couple of year and further down go forward , so that any investment above ten of billion of yen will be in principal make through this fund . so it ’ go to be non - recourse to SoftBank Group so that this could not be influence to SoftBank Group so the major investment will not be make by add more debt in SoftBank Group but actually invite partner and raise money and also receive some fee from partner and make a successful investment , so that it will sure to improve it balance sheet because it be generate ¥ 600 billion of free cash flow and also new investment with certain size be go to be make through this fund , so that naturally speak that it leverage be go to be improve . so structurally it balance sheet be go to be improve from that sense . so the big opportunity in humankind , which be singularity , and it want to be ready for that and it will become the lead player in the singularity with more security , so it would like to head towards the SoftBank 2.0 .  it very much for it attention . that be all from it . question - and - answer session now it would like to open the floor for question . [ Operator Instructions ] . it would like to take up to two question per person so that it can take question from as many people as possible . Unidentified Analyst this be TV Tokyo , Ohama [ ph ] . it have a question to it Mr. Son . it say - it may say that it be not interested much but it ’ about the Domestic Telecom business . smartphone zero - yen sale , regulation on this zero - yen sale be be more stringent . now if this be be more stringent , what do it think the impact will be on the domestic business , and if it be go to win in this competition , which will be the main competitive area in the Domestic Telco business ? this be the MIC guideline rule . so there be various opinion whether this be good or bad , but it be a rule that be apply commonly to the industry . so the three or four player will be do business under this regulation as a common rule , so this will be equal to all player . however there will be less replacement , so the situation will be more fix , so less movement amongst subscriber . however this be a common rule , so it will all enjoy good day , it will all enjoy bad day . so whether this be good or bad , this be a common rule apply to all player . and so it will not see - anticipate any direct impact . no impact in term of competition , but new profit growth . for new profit growth perspective , it be not just the Telco charge . the communication charge will have to be lower so that many people can enjoy . so the unit price , the communication price - the unit price will have to be lower . so what it will seek growth in will be new service , content or comprehensive service , add service . service have to be add . this be the portion it need for it growth . Unidentified Analyst so just for clarification , so the communication charge , the price will go lower - will be low ? yes . the price per gigabyte , it think , will decline go forward . Unidentified Analyst it name be Owada [ ph ] from Nikkei Newspaper . it have two question . first of all , it maybe not a boring matter which be domestic telecom operation . so ARPU be decline it believe . and once it do see the decline in ARPU , then those structure that it have present today may be damage . and in the mid - to - long - term period that SoftBank strength may decline . yes , ARPU . as a basic policy , it see try to be more reasonable as possible reduce the burden as possible so that everybody can enjoy the telecommunication service . so it do need to cooperate to that . at the same time , the unit price be reduce but it do have a bundle service such as bundle with Hikari fiber , optical fiber - to - the - home or it provide unlimited service for music , movie , sport content so on . so it be also bundle those content comprehensively or it recently announce the joint - venture together with Mizuho on FinTech service , so financial service , content . so those comprehensive service need to be consider by add those variety , so that revenue per user in total can still potentially grow . Unidentified Analyst  it . another question . so ¥ 10 trillion fund , so in investment . it have a big agenda before mention revolution , but in which area - which segment be it go to be focus on invest ? in principal , singularity be the recent big word , but once it encounter with support of chipset that it have be think the big revolution paradigm shift with microcomputer be happen and that ’ why be - it have be run this company and that will be even more accelerated in speed - wise . in the area for those can be anywhere . any industry can be redefine or re - innovate and there will be so much business opportunity out there so that it ’ - it should not limit to the one segment or sub - segment but within this big agenda - uber for example be be not in the scope and it regret that it should have invest . it do have opportunity to invest in Uber in early stage and it have a chance to meet Travis in the very early day and it do not make a decision to make an investment in such company and it learn a lesson from there and thereon that it have decide to invest in those right sharing service company in China or other area , which be actually not in the scope in traditional angle but with this singularity and with this information revolution , any industry will be redefine and any thing can be in potential . so Uber type of service or Uber type of segment be now in the scope of it fund investment , so that it would like to be wide open for any opportunity . Unidentified Analyst Mukaya [ ph ] from TV Asahi . it have question on it power business . KEPCO ’s decommission cost be now increase so to generate the cost - source of cost for decommission , the increase of the charge and the price of the - profit of this transmission subsidiary be go to be use . so what be it plan or think behind ? it think KEPCO ’s thinking be wrong , fundamentally wrong . it be do this to protect the old industry . so the negative legacy be be push on the new area , so the new area that should grow it be now take the strength of the new business that be suppose to grow . so as this discussion progress , this discussion have to be well balance by listen to many people ’ view . Unidentified Analyst it have one more question . before the Japan - Russia talk from to Sakhalin to Hokkaido of the shift be be discuss . Asia Super Grid be be consider by it . once this government talk progress , will it go into the transmission line , power transmission business ? yes , it have a plan . Unidentified Analyst any concrete plan right now ? first , the technology feasibility study will take place . it have start to study this partially , and if it think this will be cost viable and if it be technologically viable , then yes it will move ahead , but it have to meet - make end meet . Unidentified Analyst it name be [ indiscernible ] . come back to another boring question . so guideline be issue from MIC and it see the decline of shipment of mobile handset . do it have any countermeasure for those , or be it go to address that , and also it be slow down of the movement in the mobile phone market . do not that damage it big picture or structure that it be try to prepare here but do it plan to address those ? it want it to understand the business model here . it be not make any - almost any money by sell handset . actually it be make rent [ ph ] . so decline of the customer number then that will make a big damage to it revenue structure . so not decrease the number of user , subscriber number , but just reduce the number of handset sale do not give it any big damage to it management result . so by reduce the shipment of handset , it will give the big impact to those company that produce hardware of those mobile phone . those company may receive the big impact . so the japanese smartphone vendor actually in crisis it believe . so that there be pro and con . so only the change of the shipment of firm , it would be the big damage to those handset vendor in Japan . so it have not decrease it customer base and the competitor be compete over those customer base . but come back to it question , the telecom operator revenue and also the market be pretty much matured , how can it grow from here , then it will repeat it that the comprehensive service include more content , new service like a FinTech or finance . also collaborate with Yahoo Japan , that it will be able to make more additional service as the comprehensive service and that ’ go to be good revenue contributor to it , so separate from the telecom revenue , it be see the potential of the revenue source . Unidentified Analyst so related to that , it have second question . iPhone sale , iPhone 7 sale , how be it do so far ? and Apple Pay have launch the service , do it see any another service to start with from the Apple pay ? iPhone sale be do good . for Apple Pay , iPhone be go to be use for the variety of payment structure , which will give it some additional advantage of benefit , but it do not receive any allocation or revenue directly from Apple from that service . this be Masuno from Nomura Securities . it have two question . one be on fund . first ARM . so management have a view up to 2020 . so without do anything , ARM people will - from access to mobile to [ indiscernible ] share , server side maybe a challenge but iot however - device so now TrustZone be there . and so it have the device , but on the cloud side and with cloud be announce just recently , so it be just start . so in timeline in the next five year , what kind of launch be it anticipate ? Could it share with it it view ? so in five year , ARM internal target be currently , in server , 1 % market share , and up to hopefully 20 % , and in server , Intel have 99 % market share , so it be monopolize market and it want to take up the challenge to enter this market . in IoT , at least microprocessor be connect to the internet . in this area , it already have close to 80 % market share . in the iot era , ARM will have to climb this difficult - it ’ not where it have to climb a difficult mountain . this be the microcomputer that be connect to the internet . 8-bit and 16-bit be basically not the chip to be connect to the internet functionally speak . 32-bit , in 32-bit ARM have close to 80 % market share , and so in that sense - in term of chipset can connect to the internet ARM already have 80 % market share . so it can - by provide product to meet the demand , ARM can take the leadership in the IoT era . in cloud , as it say earlier , mainly in server , ARM be still weak . and so it will have to move one step at a time to go through this long road . understand . now it first question fund . so ¥ 2.5 trillion and five year cumulative . it mention that the leverage ratio will be down to 3.5x , which mean ¥ 500 billion a year investment . there will be a cash out . so after achieve 3.5x , it will accelerate it investment in the fund ? be it understanding correct ? and base on what it say , more than ¥ 100 billion will be through the fund , so it will not do the investment through it company , so like ARM and Sprint , the investment as subsidiary will no longer be do go forward ? the subsidiary will - the one where it will acquire 100 % will be do by subsidiary . subsidiary will use it own cash flow to do a wholly - own acquisition but those will be small amount , small scale . small scale will continue . but for large scale , it will basically use the newly establish fund . then there may be a conflict of interest . there may be a view that the SoftBank will only cherry pick and sell . it will have the threshold amount , that be why it be adjust the amount to set the threshold , and beyond that threshold it will use the fund . now it will - in order to improve the ratio , it be prepare the other tool , with which it can improve the improvement . it can not make any concrete comment at this point in time . so that mean that fund can operate the business , investment business , but like ARM or Sprint , it believe need to have exit but what happen to those company ? fund will have a policy to exit in some ten of year . so it ’ not exit in three or five year , but average 13.5 year that it be hold of such investment once it make . some people may think that the matter once invest it never exit , so that ’ the kind of a common understanding in the market but actually it will be make some divesting as well . in average , it be hold about 13.5 year . so in such level , it may partially - or in some company it may exit whole share but it will be use partner ’ money together with it money so that it do need to make sure to achieve this certain level of IRR and that would be it obligation . and the next question please ? Unidentified Analyst it name be Osa [ ph ] from Mynavi News . so it role become unclear after it presentation . so far it actually understand that it have be always hand on and make a turnaround of the telecom business . but with this fund business of fund establish and hear it that the sound like it turnaround of the business have already be accomplish but what happen to it role then ? for example , Alibaba , out of it enterprise value of SoftBank Group , Alibaba be the big , which it do not touch on daily basis . it be as an external director of the board . and it have be make some comment on the important strategy and also it be meet with Jack Ma at least once a month in person . but basically the daily operation be do by Jack and Daniel , who be the ceo , and it be do it own operation with it own decision . Yahoo Japan be also the same . it will make some comment at the time of the importance , but those be the separate independent - list company . SoftBank Mobile as well . as of today , Ken Miyauchi be lead the company , and together with it there be a management of the company . so it do not participate in the normal management meeting of SoftBank Mobile . Sprint as well . it have be very much involve as the Chief Network Officer in design network , building network , and it be lead the project , but then sometimes in year or two that that ’ go to be complete . so that ’ go to be also finish it role as well . so it , it will be do some decision - making on the investment portfolio and also create the environment to be able to generate the synergy amongst the company . so it be not the player of the orchestra , but actually it orchestrate those portfolio so that it be able to direct the direction of all the company or subsidiary who should be play the piano , who should be play the violin and where it should be play . that kind of orchestration be go to be it main role go forward . and fortunately , ARM be a very successful company and also have be a very successful list company so far , so that in very beginning it be have a lot of frequent communication almost every week , also have once a month in - person meeting with the management to discuss the business but actually it be very much successful company already and very much number one market share company . so it do not need any turnaround or anything like that . it be make already a good time . so the case that the company require turnaround it should be heavily involved but it ’ not the case , then it relatively light on the involvement , so that it can cover many more because of that . Kamiguri Takasshi it be Kamiguri from Asahi Newspaper .  it . it talk about the investment return compare to the other well - know fund . it be have 44 % IRR , much well than the other . now , Son , it have achieve this high return . why do it think it achieve this high return ? be it it intuition or it idea , it foresight , what be it ? now second question . where would it be base it or focus on SoftBank , rather than the company management , or be it go to focus more on the investment fund , the decision in the coordination , will that be more of it focus go forward ? human being have leave brain and right brain . leave brain be more the theoretical area when it accumulate theory and work , and the right brain be more intuition or creation , creativeness , in charge of creativity . so artist be use the right brain . and Mr. Habu , the japanese chess shogi , it think it be the master of the right brain . until now , it be mainly use the left brain to use theory , SoftBank Mobile , Sprint . it be do theoretical work until now . on the other hand for the past 18 year , it have be use it right brain like a hobby to decide some deal , investment deal . so it have be use both brain , but in term of the breakdown in time , leave brain account for most of it time . it say bore which it maybe should not have say so , but it be work on the steady day - to - day business . 90 % of it time be on that and until now the right brain , the investment side be only 10 % of it time or maybe 3 % of it time in the past , so that be the breakdown . from now on , right brain , the investment decision management will be a big focus in the day - to - day cash flow generate business , the steady business will be do by the great ceo in - the expert in each business , so it will be do the operation . as an image , Warren Buffett in the technology industry , that be what it would like to become . Berkshire Hathaway in the technology industry . it have the cash flow as an insurance on one side , and on the right side , it be do investment and it have both , it combine both well in it business model , that ’ Berkshire Hathaway . it want to become Berkshire Hathaway in the technology industry . it would like it to see SoftBank like that . any other question ? 