as Barry note , it result continue to be strong , consolidated revenue rise 7 % and AEBITDA increase 9 % . as a result of it improvement , growth and it focus on deleveraging , it decrease it net leverage ratio to 6.7 time at September quarter - end down from seven time at the prior quarter - end . while it be pleased with it net leverage ratio go down it will build on this momentum into 2019 and continue to remain laser focus on strengthen it balance sheet . now let it turn to it operating unit . first it Gaming Business , third quarter AEBITDA increase by 5 % or $ 11 million over the prior year . despite revenue declining , 1 % , it AEBITDA margin improve 320 basis point to 51.9 % . revenue from game machine sale increase $ 4 million and 3 % in the third quarter . as Barry note during the quarter , it enter into a strategic long - term relationship with Gaming Capital Group . in connection with this strategic relationship , a portion of it exist gaming machine footprint in Oklahoma be sell to it partner . it have ship 7,663 machine globally , include 4,266 replacement unit in the U.S. and Canada with 929 unit associate with it Gaming Capital Group strategic relationship . 223 for expansion unit and 549 vlt to Illinois . internationally , shipment total 2,625 compare to 2,940 unit ship a year ago . year - over - year , it average selling price for the quarter be up 3 % . it remind everyone that last year 's third quarter replacement be up 30 % year - over - year , which be make for a tough comparison . on the heel of it strong showing at G2E , it continue to expect strong replacement demand in the fourth quarter with it be the seasonally strong of the year . in gaming operation , revenue be consistent on a quarter sequential basis at approximately $ 160 million . on a year - over - year basis , revenue be down 10 % or $ 17 million , of which $ 4.5 million be the result of new revenue recognition accounting for WAP jackpot expense . for comparison purpose , the WAP jackpot expense be $ 5.5 million and treat as cost of service in the prior year . this change in classification have no impact on operate income , AEBITDA or cash flow . on a quarter sequential basis , it instal base of WAP , premium and daily fee participation unit be down 1,554 unit , which include the impact of it new strategic relationship with Gaming Capital Group and to a less extent , the removal of lower yield Oregon VLT unit right at the end of the period which be currently be redeploy in other jurisdiction . it WAP portion of it footprint be up nearly 200 unit from the prior quarter , drive by the successful rollout of it James Bond Franchise . the Bond rollout in term of placement have be low than it expect due to the tight pace of state approval . but the initial performance have be strong with Casino Royale and Thunderball on it Gamefield 2.0 cabinet comparable to Willy Wonka on Gamescape , it good perform WAP game to date at the same point in it life cycle . revenue from it other participation unit be down $ 3 million on a quarter sequential basis . the instal base be up 152 unit quarter - over - quarter . it place an additional 430 unit in Greece , bring it total footprint there to over 3,400 unit . this increase be offset by a decline in unit in the UK . this mix shift of the instal base have a negative impact on it yield . gaming system revenue increase $ 8 million year - over - year or 12 % . the growth be primarily related to it ongoing installation in casino in Canada , couple with increase hardware sale for shipment of it innovative iVIEW4 player - interface display unit . iVIEW4 sale continue to be very strong and it be still in the early inning of the replacement cycle of the exist 300,000 placement of prior version of the iview . through September 30 , it have place nearly 88,000 iviews in service since it launch . table product decrease $ 2 million year - over - year or 3 % , strength in recur utility product be offset by a tough comp in product sale with a prior year , include a large international expansion project . turn to lottery , it third quarter revenue increase $ 4 million and AEBITDA be up $ 3 million compare to the year ago . within it lottery business , it system revenue increase $ 5 million or 8 % year - over - year . the growth be drive largely by it new lottery system installation in Maryland and Kansas and it new investment in Keno in Pennsylvania . turn to it Social segment , revenue continue to grow strongly . revenue increase 11 % year - over - year to $ 105 million and AEBITDA increase 34 % to $ 27 million . on a quarter sequential basis , it third quarter revenue be up 5 % compare to the second quarter . the Facebook connect issue that impact the second quarter and into July be behind it and as Barry state , August and September be both record month for daily revenue and daily active user . in digital , it generate $ 61 million in revenue and $ 12 million in AEBITDA . it have be focus resource on the development of it U.S. sport book and the New Zealand Racing Board implementation . this be be drive by redirect employee that be generate time and material revenue in the UK to help in the rollout in these market . although , this redirection will be accretive in the come quarter , it be negatively impact it short - term result . in early November , it disclose it – it close on it acquisition of Don Best Sports Corporation , which be the lead provider of real - time sport betting datum and pricing in North America sport event . this acquisition instantly give it a full turn key offering to it customer . it also successfully launch gaming content across 12 new client site and sign eight new customer on it OGS platform during Q3 . during the quarter , it record $ 339 million in restructuring and other charge , which include a $ 310 million charge relate to the verdict in the Shuffle Tech legal matter . it have not make any payment on this matter and the verdict be still subject to post - trial motion and the appeal process . turn to cash flow , it report $ 223.5 million in net cash flow provide by operating activity , which be $ 114 million improvement over prior year , principally relate to improvement in it operating result , permanent enhancement to it work capital and the timing of interest payment due to the refinancing complete earlier in the year . it use this cash from operation to make $ 122 million of debt repayment , include $ 110 million of voluntary net repayment under it revolver . just to remind everyone , the fourth quarter will include high schedule interest payment and it final payment of € 90 million for the lottery instant ticket concession in Italy . in addition , it recently sell a real estate asset for $ 40 million in proceed , which close in October . it continue to monitor capital market for the good opportunity to optimize it capital structure , include potential refinancing in order to generate future cash interest saving . this include cash usage relate to renewal of it lottery instant ticket concession in Italy , refinance expense and high capex spend on several long - term and highly accretive project include ongoing platform development in digital from the expansion in the U.S. and around the world . lottery system implementation in Maryland , in Kansas and the acceleration of it instal base of lease gaming machine . these project be generally very long in duration , in initial term range from seven to 10 year before renewal option . these investment establish a clear path for free strong cash flow in 2019 and beyond . in summary , it would remind everyone that it commitment remain firmly focus on deleveraging and debt reduction , which will be accomplish by continued growth in revenue and effectively operate the business . operator , it can open up the line for question . question - and - answer session  it , sir . it will now begin the question - and - answer session . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question it have will come from Barry Jonas of SunTrust . please go ahead . hey guy .  . so first question be the stock have be off meaningfully since Q2 . what do it attribute that weakness to and do this change how it approach the business at all ?  .  Barry . so look , first of all , day to day change in the stock , do not change how it run the business . it obviously certainly believe there be a disconnect between the share price and the underlying value . both of it here buy stock at $ 33 and believe it be undervalue at those level . but it remain focused on delevere the business by grow predictably and consistently grow the top line revenue and AEBITDA to generate free cash flow . and so it be laser - focus on it growth initiative to grow the company in the right way , grow game op with improved content and cost effective cabinet , expand on lead ship and wallet share in North America slot , while it see opportunity in international expansion there , continued lottery growth , with innovative offering like iLottery and SCiQ , it system business with strong year - over - year growth , market lead position and demonstrate by win 45 out of 48 successful recent bid . a solid worldwide digital business with upside in the U.S. for sport and iGaming , it social business be grow strongly with the record month in August and September . and then focus it capex spend on highly accretive long - term project to drive continued growth . great , great . so it guess next one , maybe just dive into the social gaming potential IPO , a little bit more . maybe just some thought on what lead to this decision , thought on the process for reach a decision whether it will do it or not ? it would be helpful . okay . first – and it need to say at the start , it be sure everybody be aware that there be very specific SEC rule that limit it ability to discuss the potential ipo further at this time . but it think at a high level , it would say that , look , give the rapid growth of the business and it current scale , take the business public could help position the company to accelerate that growth , realize value and also delever the business . got it . and then last one for it , just come close to December . how be it guy think about potentially call refinance the 10 % note ?  . Michael Quartieri hey , Barry , it be monitor the market on a daily basis and evaluate all the option . but it really come down to just be a net present value question of where it think it can lock - in rate versus the call premium . the call premium effective December 1 at 105 , it get to 2019 a year from now with that 102.5 . that be a meaningful step down in the upfront premium . but it be mindful and when it look at this , it want to make sure that it be do a transaction that be go to drive a meaningful reduction in it cash interest . got it . all right ,  so much , guy . next it have David Katz of Jefferies . hi ,  . Michael Quartieri several question , if it may . and it will keep it short . so with respect to the refinancing , where , let it say the last time , it really comment on it be maybe around G2E. the more specific question maybe , have the opportunity or have that NPV backup be improve since say the past 30 day . Michael Quartieri it think the market move every day , especially when it be get towards the midterm election . so it think now that that be past it , it will see what interest rate look like over the come week and make a decision accordingly . got it . okay and with respect to the indication about the social business , Barry . clearly , there be a technology element that be integrate across the whole company . and that may apply to the interactive piece , it may imply to the gaming system piece . how do it arrive at it , it can put aside the gate factor of whether it will or will not and what have it . but how do it arrive at just the social business rather than the other technology piece of the business where there may be similar argument for unlocked value ? yes . it think it will take that one . when it look at it – at the various business line that it have , the social business be the only one that be a b2c business . everything else that it have be really integrate into it b2b offering to the casino and to the lottery . so , look at this , as it say , when it put the – when it unrestricte it back nearly two year ago , that this be an opportunity that be out there for it . but it do see a great value chain in what it be able to provide from an integrated basis to the casino with the product that it have . Michael Quartieri yes . and to add onto that , just specifically if it look at the iGaming and one of the core value proposition that it have when it – it work with partner like it have with Caesars be the integration of iGaming and sport betting do provide a seamless consumer experience both in and outside of the casino in area where it be legalize . and so those , the iGaming business and the sport betting in the digital side of real money gaming be closely interlink with the retail experience , quite frankly . so one of the kind of core value that it bring that a large part of it competitor can not duplicate . so , it see those as super important to remain combined with the large Scientific Game group . that be fair . one last one , if it may , around 007 . it know it touch on it a bit in the release and in it commentary . but just think about the trajectory and how it be shape the premium instal base as it get toward the end of the year . what can it tell it about how 007 have perform so far and in general , that premium instal base . what more specific can it tell it about how those game be , execute and the recovery that it be expect in the fourth quarter . yes , it mean , Q hit on this a little bit but if it mention the rollout be then obviously a little bit slow than expect give the pace of the state approval . but it have maybe about 381 instal now across 19 state , 67 casino . the performance have be extremely strong , the Casino Royale and Thunderball have be , it think as Q have mention , be comparable to it World of Wonka , which be the good black game it have have to - date . so the performance of Bond have be really strong and it also have help it actually add the number of WAP unit on a forefront basis as well . it think to the tune of about $ 200 . the other game also be perform extremely well – as well beyond those two game , it have get diamond be forever and Goldfinger all be perform above , well , well , well above the floor average . and so from a performance perspective , it have be very happy with the Bond game . and then as it mention , it think in it – it have get two more come out in early next year and first quarter . so it have get , it think it have really get strong line - up of Bond that it expect to continue to help grow the game op space . and to be honest with it , along with that it have get a significant other group of product that it show at G2E , alongside of Bond , aim at game op . it think it be go to have a really strong impact . and if it look at the game op space over the last three quarter have be from a revenue perspective have be pretty stable around the $ 160 million mark . and now with the Wave XL and the content that it have come out in the space , it be expect to really make , it be expect to see some real performance enhancement . again , anchor by Bond but complement by a lot of great content and new cabinet that it have come into market and game op . very good .  it very much . next it have Brad Boyer of Stifel . hey guy ,  for take it question . first one here be just around the gaming segment margin , certainly a lot well than what it be look for and what it think most folk be look for . it know Barry , it have mention when it last speak that , it see an opportunity to take some more cost out of the business . just curious if it could expand upon what drive the strong margin performance in the quarter and if it see that as be sustainable as it move forward ? Michael Quartieri this be Q , it will take that one . so the thing that it have comment before as , one of it opportunity and look at gaming be really around the supply chain . and it have be take a very hard look at that and continue to make progress on that . it also benefit in the quarter with a slightly high ASP , which be up 3 % . so that have a positive impact on the margin . so what it expect it margin to be right at that 51 % overall . no , it think it have get a nice little blip there on the ASP side . but it be very cost conscious and very mindful of the environment that it be in . it guess that the untapped area that it look at be really around the supply chain . so if it go back to roughly two year ago , the low hang fruit of look at headcount , and the program that it put in place there be successful . it continue to kind of maintain that mantra go forward , not only in gaming but in all of it business segment . and where it be at to now , as it say , it be around the supply chain and make sure that it have get the most efficient manufacturing and supply process that it can . yes . and as Q say , it be still – it have get as it be still pound through that , obviously that will start to appear . and obviously go forward , as it work through inventory and work through thing of that nature . so it be not something that appear over night . that be a goal of just to continue to keep value engineering , not just the exist cabinet , poor cabinet like the J43 but obviously the way that XL be – as that be come out . and so as Q say , and it talk about earlier , it be a core initiative within it group be to continue to keep pound the table on this . but this be like visibility of the good game possible at the most cost effective manner that it can . and as Q say , supply chain be really where it think there be some opportunity obviously , but it will be a gradual thing as it work through inventory , et cetera , et cetera on that . Michael Quartieri and then just one other point to add on that , just as it be talk about before on the game development side , now that it be four year remove from the merger and it have get all of it new development all on the common platform . it do have the transferability of game that be be develop today . for example , something like Jin Xi Bao Xi when it come out . it be go to be able to be plug and play on anyone of it curve screen cabinet , whether that be the V75 , the J43 , the Wave XL or the even the exist wave that be out there . so those type of opportunity be still there , still to be work on and to come through it operating result accordingly .  . appreciate the color there . and then second , it just want to see if it could expand a little bit upon this , relationship that it guy be build with Gaming Capital Group . and just curious , it know there be some Oregon install that get convert or take out . but if it could just speak a little bit about the delta between the one - time purchase by Gaming Capital and the decline in the participation instal base . and then should it expect any other noise in the instal base over the next several quarter as a result of this agreement ? or be this a one quarter phenomenon ? yes , before jump specific of that . it be glad it mention because it do want to emphasize that . the deal it do with GCG be really about win Oklahoma over the long- term . it be an incredibly talented and well - root distributor local in Oklahoma . and as it know , the gaming footprint there be about 75,000 today . and so the goal here be really about grow the share of that both in game op and game sale . and with the partner each – each of the party in the partnership kind of bring to table be asset and expertise . and again leverage it extensive distribution and local service network there and it believe that it have it be a very valuable partnership for both of it where it be really mean to attack a market that it believe there be significant upside for it relative to it performance today . and as it say , there be some kind of – it be a complex deal and so there be some movement in – or impact to the current footprint , which reflect that . but the overall core purpose of the deal be really look forward long - term and win long - term . Michael Quartieri yes , it think just in it comment regard the Oregon unit . these be unit that be place out there during the year and it decide that it be go to basically not use those from a sale perspective for Oregon . and so therefore it return the unit right at the end of the quarter . so from a – call it a revenue perspective , pretty much all those unit be in the revenue number . it just happen to be that it contact it to go ahead and remove the unit which it be allow to do . and those unit right now be be redeploy in other jurisdiction and it kind of know that this would happen . that be part of it plan but unfortunately just one of those instance where if it would have place the phone call to remove the unit three day later that unit , which be roughly about 250 in total , would still be in the instal base . but when it get to basically almost at this point right now , all of those unit be redeploy elsewhere and it will see back in the footprint . okay , that be helpful . and then finally , just on the system business , it want to see if it could just talk a little bit about where it be in the rollout cycle in Canada . and how it should kind of be think about the system side of that business grow into 2019 ? obviously , appreciate that the iview replacement cycle be another segment or area of system growth as it move forward . but just curious if there be anything in 2019 that it should be mindful of above and beyond just kind of the continue growth on the system side as it think through model it for 2019 ?  . yes , it think when it be look at 2019 , the rollout of the candidate installation be go to continue , all the way through 2019 and some of these will actually come through in probably q1 of 2020 as well . so it be not expect any real significant decline , grant it be go to be lumpy throughout those period , just base on the go - life . so for example , it see record Q4 , Q1 , Q2 a year ago , it see a slight decline this year , it think versus what everybody be model . and then it will have a good Q4 again with some of the major site go live with Gateway and Ontario and with Alberta in the quarter . okay . appreciate all the color . Michael Quartieri it will just say it will still have probably close to 20 additional site , still to go next year . so there be still significant runway go forward in 2019 on the revenue side . perfect . appreciate all the color guy .  . Michael Quartieri it be welcome . and next it have Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank . Carlo Santarelli hey guy .  and  for take it question . as it think about the business , just big picture right now . clearly a ton of move part with sport betting , with the lottery initiative , obviously with the core content on the game side . and there have be quite a bit of M&A that it guy have kind of be at the forefront of whether it would be sport betting or some other vertical , social gaming , et cetera . Could it talk a little bit maybe about kind of what it feel the organic growth rate look like in each of the vertical where there be a little bit less kind of noise from kind of ancillary bolt - on acquisition ? yes . it mean , well , first of all , it ’ kind of step back , it describe the M&A , it all fit into a large picture of what it be try to own and win in the space . and basically it be go to win wagering across three major vertical , gaming , lottery and sport . and it be strong believer that be go to be pervasive , player activity across the retail and digital . so it want to make sure it own the core part of the value chain both on the M&A platform , enable wager piece of it as well as on the top content per se that people use , what it play in game or engage with but lottery or in sport betting . and so from an M&A perspective , it feel like it have accomplish that . it be at – it have now get , it really own the core piece of the value chain on the platform side and on the primary content side within that space . and all of those three vertical continue to grow with vary degree of organic growth , whether it be retail or digital , but aggregately wherever somebody want to leisure , that be what it be go to play and move forward on . in each of these business , collectively as it have describe before , it be continue to grow quarter - on - quarter , both top and bottom line . so again , it be very bullish on a go forward basis that there be significant growth on a – if it want to break down each of the different group respectively . Michael Quartieri yeah , it would say from a breakdown of individual business unit , it think when it look at gaming , the tuck in acquisition that have be do , whether that be Tech Art or DEQ be not real substantial to the operating result overall . and so there be really no special call out there . look at lottery there have not be really anything go forward from an acquisition perspective . Lapis be the last tuck in acquisition it do , which be nearly two year ago . on a social perspective , it be the social Bingo app , but then again , that be purchase nearly 18 month ago and a lot of the growth that it have see there be really a result of it management of that process and by apply it datum analytic to it business , which be really grow that , and that be reflect in what it have see in the contingent consideration payment , or accrual that it have make that be call out in restructuring and other charge . and so really it kind of boil down to it be the NYX acquisition , that be really the item that need to be call out , from call it non - organic growth , as that be the acquisition that just take place this year . and that be pretty much verbatim what the increase be in the digital segment , which be why it carve that all out separately and have it as a separate segment . Carlo Santarelli okay .  guy . that be very helpful . it appreciate it . the next question it have will come from John Decree of Union Gaming . please go ahead .  guy .  it for take it question . it touch on all the high - level stuff , so maybe just a couple of small housekeeping question . in the prepared remark do it hear it have it first kind of 300 unit a sale or placement of SciQ in Ohio and if it hear that correctly , it be wonder if it could provide a little bit more detail on that if it be purchase by the lottery , purchase by a large retailer , et cetera . yeah , sure . John . the order be place by the lottery and the lottery be in the process of determine which location it want to put those unit into . so , it be very early in the rollout stage at this point . and the economic model there , be it , be it a one time sale fee plus a recur revenue stream for it guy or be that also kind of be work out right now with the lottery ? Michael Quartieri no , that be consistent with what it economic model be . so there will be a onetime purchase of the equipment , and then there be an ongoing maintenance fee that go along with that on a recur basis , which be kind of similar to what it would have in it system business , as there be go to be a system component , that will require upgrade and additional functionality that will continue to goal out that be tie into those unit . got it . that be helpful . and then on the asset sale , a $ 40 million real estate sale be that the Illinois office ? and then , do that come with some kind of annual run rate cost saving from carry cost or property taxis and be there any other kind of non - core asset like that , that it be still work through that that may be on the block , next year ? yeah . so the , the two asset that it have call out as hold for sale in the 10-Q in prior quarter be the El Camino location , which it guess be the original shuffle , build a before Shuffle never move in , and it become the Bally 's building , which eventually become the corporate office for Sci Games . so , that be the building that actually sell for the $ 40 million in proceed , cost save associate with that since the building go , get , or it should say , be classify as hold for sale . the carry cost of those asset be put into the restructuring charge , as it be non - core at that point go forward so it should be $ 1 million to $ 2 million in saving just from a carry cost perspective that it will see year - over - year saving in . the other asset be the Chicago asset and that still remain on the market . all right .  it . it appreciate the additional color . next it have Cameron McKnight of Credit Suisse . Cameron McKnight hi ,  .  very much . Cameron McKnight so Barry , first a question on sport betting . many , many deal have be announce in the past six to nine month . how sticky or long - term do it think a lot of those deal be , and when do it think sport betting may become – a U.S. Sports Betting may become material as far as NYX be concern ? yeah . look , it think it think , it believe and it think most people believe that if it be still in an extremely early stage of the sport bet market , both from a deal make perspective be , as well as a rollout perspective . it think be , as it mention earlier , it be really just about 6 % of the population in term of state that be currently legalize today . Most of the deal that it have see in the marketplace without specific , speak specifically to those deal be really deal that be do basically to get do , to a one state deal . it be not long - term in nature at all and to basically get something up and run in New Jersey and as an , for people to get experience essentially in , provide sport betting in the marketplace . so it be , it think it be still early . as it mention before , it think , it have see , it have live and breathe , it have see this movie before in the UK over the last decade and the good product win out in the marketplace . and so it feel like it be really well positioned and it be in , continue to be in a lot of conversation as it relate to deal on a broad and a long term basis . and so it think it still have , it have way to play out . it think , if it look at kind of the pipeline of state that be to be legalize , it think it will , it think it be go to continue to see a lot of state activity over the next two to three year . and obviously accordingly , commercial deal be set up as well over that time period and then it build into that , the launch , the marketing and the end , the execution , it be still a it think a long - term game that be probably , at least two to three year out and maybe to be material . but it also believe that , it believe there be a real market there . it think as it all know that , that sport betting be happen today , there be a market out there and so it do not think , it think it , it believe that it be material and it , and it will be and it will be attractive obviously , be that like most market and it have see an iGaming in everything . it be just go to take a few year to materialize . but it be still early , but exciting nonetheless . Cameron McKnight perfect .  . and then in term of the term of the social business , EBITDA be up 7 % quarter - on - quarter . the prior quarter be impact by some change that be make at Facebook . Can it talk about how that be mitigate during the quarter , and what should it think of as an appropriate sequential growth rate for AEBITDA in Social go forward be three to five the right way to think about it . Michael Quartieri so it can talk about the Facebook . on the Facebook side , essentially , as it encounter the privacy issue that occur in the late spring , early summer time , there be change make which basically prevent it from be able to authenticate the Facebook token in order to recognize player come into the game . it have release several release to that and that cause some disruption in it game and the ability for it to authenticate , Facebook player and in particular some of the payer that be come into it game . it consequently make it a fix to it game that enable it that if it could , if there be an issue on the Facebook side , it be still able to authenticate the player and get it into the game to play . and it be able to get that in July and a proof point basically that it actually work , be that occur again , as everybody know , a change be make in August and yet it experience , no issue when the issue occur again . so , it have be able to now , that be completely resolve and the game be back to grow up , as it would have do have it not encounter that issue . in term of go forward , obviously , as it mention before , with the SEC rule that limit it ability to discuss , it can not – it be not give guidance beyond today 's and previous earning result relate to the business . Cameron McKnight sure thing .  very much . and then one final one for Mike . in term of the refi of the 10 % note , at what rate would it not make sense ? be 8 % around about the breakeven point when the call premium be still at 105 ? Michael Quartieri that be probably about a fair kind of decision point that it would look at , but , it be really go to be dependent on what it see market condition look at , on a go forward basis . so , at 8 % , it probably start look at it , but , again , it be really go to be depend on what it see the rate do in the future . Cameron McKnight okay , perfect .  it very much . next it have Mike Malouf of Craig - Hallum . great .  for take it question . Most of it have be ask , but it just want to do a little follow up on the SciQ. it sound like that be a huge opportunity as it look at 60,000 opportunity , that retailer would benefit . Can it talk a little bit about the model that would drive a retailer to implement this ? why be it so beneficial ? and then just a little bit more detail on the economic model with regard to how much these cost and how much , on a percentage of cost that maintenance be ?  . Michael Quartieri yes , sure . let it kind of give it the perspective from the Lottery retailer . so it mean , if it walk into any one of these convenience store and it look at behind the counter , it see this large real , usually it be a plastic display unit and there be just roll of live ticket behind it . from a retailer perspective , that be no different than cash that be sit out there . and so every time that it do the end of the day where it be count down , it be register and reconcile that to it pos system , the retailer be spend that time count those ticket to make sure that it balance out to the pos system with SciQ that security enhancement , one , it eliminate theft . so , shrinkage be an issue within the retailer it across the board . number two , from that – it call it account or the revenue side of that business , rather than spend 30 minute every day count down those ticket , it be simply press a button and get a report that instantly tie into the pos system . so that labor saving be significant at the retailer and then also back in it home office where it have countless number of individual that be responsible for the accounting and reconciling of those daily revenue on an ongoing basis . and also the display unit of the unit it have see have cause an increase in the revenue , in the pilot that it have do so far , in the 53 different location it be see on average , it be roughly about a 10 % to 15 % increase in retail sale . so there be three different benefit there to the retailer it . from an economic model perspective and it have not get into a lot of the detail , which it will not , but from an overall perspective it be a , purchase on behalf either of the retailer or the lottery it . and then there be an ongoing maintenance monthly fee that will be charge in order to maintain the unit and continue to do the upgrade of the software associate with it . okay , great .  a lot for the help . appreciate it . and next it have Mike Pace of JPMorgan . hi ,  for take it question . it would like to pursue maybe the Social IPO consideration a little bit . and it know it be a little handicapped on what it can say . but it guess -- do it think the business be right sized for a public equity event ? do it need any additional tuck - in acquisition there before it make that decision ? and then , it think somebody also mention the potential of sell a minority stake . and it be just wonder , if that be any different than a typical 20 % sale or not ? and it have a few follow - up there too . yes . Mike , unfortunately , give the rule , it be very limited on what it can really say about what the size of any type of ipo would be , whether it be minority or whatever . so it just get to stay clear of all of that . in regard to the business go forward , it kind of just base on where it see the growth in the business and it current scale . it view this as an opportunity to help accelerate that growth , realize value and help it with the deleverage up at the corporate office . and then maybe to follow - up on that , this be something that it probably can not answer be , use of proceed . it do talk about pay down debt . just to be clear , that be not a requirement for it to pay down debt with proceed there . that would be it decision . and then as structuring go , if it understand it right , the social business be an unrestricted entity , but it be own by a restricted entity . and it just want to make sure there would be no change to that ownership or structure , post any potential event there ? no , it do not foresee any change in that organization structure that would impact the ultimate ownership of it percentage within Scientific Games . and the whole concept around it as it state two year ago , when it put it out as an unrestricted sub , the purpose of this be to primarily pay down the debt within the corporate entity . and when it say primarily , that be just the primary use of all of those proceed . and just as – not as a requirement just as a choice , just to be clear there . it think either way it would be the same . at the deleveraging event . okay .  it . and then just on the business , just look for an update and apologize if this be mention earlier , it jump on a little late . the Pennsylvania lotto contract update , just curious on expectation , thought on if upfront CapEx would be require upon a win . and it do not know if it have disclose the size of this business historically ? from a process perspective , the expectation be -- new RFP should come out . it be think it would be sometime after the election . so obviously it have get past the election base meeting to - date , as very recently as within the last couple of day , expectation be it should be receive the RFP some time early in Q1 . as it say , this will be a renewal and it be such instance where there be a renewal , even though it be the incumbent , there would be a upfront capex spend because the state require that all bidder be on a consistent and level basis . and therefore it would have to put in new CapEx , the CapEx that would be require for a state of this size be somewhere around that $ 80 million to $ 85 million mark . it would not expect this to be any different and from an economics perspective , it have never really comment specifically on economic around any individual contract . however , this be it large domestic contract it have within the Lottery system business . 