for the fourth quarter , total revenue increase to $ 659 million compare to $ 388 million a year ago , with the increase reflect about $ 294 million from Bally , partially offset by a $ 24 million decline in legacy gaming product sale , $ 8 million in lottery product sale , partially offset by $ 9 million growth in it legacy interactive business . the change in it consolidated revenue be inclusive of $ 8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation . attributable EBITDA increase $ 129 million to $ 252 million . it result include several significant charge in the quarter , aggregate $ 29 million pre - tax , all of which be add - back in calculate , attributable ebitda . the table on Page 2 of the press release and the descriptive review in the paragraph follow the table provide a detail of these charge . in addition , not include as an add - back to attributable EBITDA be a $ 7 million purchase accounting impact to defer revenue and associate margin that otherwise would have be recognize in the first quarter . to summarize , these pre - tax charge include an $ 11 million impact in cost of product sale from assign fair value to finish good inventory for the Bally purchase accounting , M&A cost and other charge of $ 6 million , employee termination and restructuring cost associate with integration initiative of $ 8 million and long - term asset impairment and write - down of $ 5 million . it have be effective in accelerate it integration plan as it have learn through it prior integration that move quickly to implement plan benefit all party . approximately 650 job position have be eliminate through integration redundancy and form the majority of the saving achieve to - date . other major integration initiative be also on track , such as the development of a single robust next - generation operating platform . the consolidation and transition of the WMS gaming facility in Waukegan , Illinois be well underway and it will begin the transition of all production to it Las Vegas facility later this quarter and continue to expect that it will have fully transition before the end of summer . by implement good practice and significantly reduce overhead expense , it expect to meaningfully improve it production efficiency and it cost structure in the second half of 2015 . recently , it have begin the consolidation of it european headquarter in the Barcelona , Spain follow the grant of government incentive it receive over the next several year as it incentive not originally contemplate in it plan . it look to build a strong relationship with Catalonia in Spain . all in all , it be ahead of schedule in integrate Scientific Games and Bally . it remain on track in it plan to implement action expect to generate 80 % of the target $ 235 million of annualized saving by the end of 2015 and expect that the saving generate will lead to continued improvement in cash flow in subsequent quarter . cash flow from operating activity for the quarter be $ 78 million . however , it also include an $ 8 million cash impact of the charge it note above , as well as a $ 30 million cash payment for previously accrue cost for litigation settlement that negatively impact cash flow in the 2015 first quarter . favorable change in work capital contribute $ 34 million to cash flow for the quarter , up from $ 25 million in the prior year period , despite build inventory for the rollout of vlt in Greece and new gaming machine that be ship at the beginning of April for the upcoming opening of Penn National ’s new Plainridge property in Massachusetts . it would note that while the shipment of VLTs to Greece begin at the very end of the first quarter , actual placement and venue be begin this quarter with the majority of the placement expect in the back half of 2015 , which be when it would expect revenue to ramp up . give it low capital spending in the first quarter and current outlook , it be lower it expect CapEx range for 2015 by approximately $ 25 million and now expect to invest $ 300 million to $ 325 million in capital expenditure . this include approximately $ 15 million to $ 25 million of integration relate capital expenditure , as well as plan investment for growth opportunity , such as the 5,000 vlt in Greece and other gaming operation opportunity . it continue to maintain a highly discipline improvement approach towards capital allocation . in this regard , it partner in Turkey be diligently to obtain the financing to enable it to sign the concession to operate turkish national lottery . however , due to the sizable devaluation of the turkish lira during the past year and challenge condition from the debt market , it partner be not able to raise the desire financing by the deadline . and it choose not to provide additional capital to chase the potential revenue opportunity . as a result , the turkish government have turn to negotiate with the second high bidder in the auction . during the quarter , it total debt decrease $ 18 million due to $ 5 million repay on it revolving credit facility , $ 11 million in mandatory debt repayment , as well as capital lease reduction . it have approximately $ 40 million in remain mandatory debt payment in 2015 . it would remind everyone that the prepayment of it debt remain it clear priority for the free cash flow expect to be generate in 2015 . the cash balance decrease $ 21 million to $ 151 million reflect the payment of the $ 30 million in litigation settlement and the $ 17 million of debt reduction , as well as other item that impact cash flow . at March 31 , 2015 , it total liquidity , include cash and cash equivalent and available borrowing capacity under it expand revolver net of outstanding letter of credit be $ 513 million . now let it turn to the operate performance of it three segment . it will begin with the gaming segment , which generate revenue of $ 426 million , that ’ an increase of $ 262 million over the prior year , with the increase essentially all related to the Bally result , partially offset by low new unit sale in it legacy gaming business . in the earning release , it can see the impact that result from the Bally acquisition on it actual report result compare to it actual report result in the year ago period . in order to provide a well like - for - like perspective on the trend of it gaming business , it will focus it follow comment on the additional information find in the table of key performance indicator and supplemental revenue metric that be provide in the earning release . that data present pro forma result as if Bally have be acquire effective January 1 , 2014 , which it believe may be more meaningful to investor to understand trend in it business . for the first quarter , revenue from game operation be $ 193 million be essentially flat on a pro forma basis from the prior year . a 9 % increase in the average daily revenue to $ 55.22 per unit largely offset the 2,406 unit decline in the average installed footprint of WAP , premium and daily fee participation unit . on a quarterly sequential basis , the removal of 477 participation game in it end instal base be less than the rate for the year - over - year impact . notable contributor to the increase in average daily revenue be the high earning performance of it late Willy Wonka Pure Imagination and the Flintstones WAP game , along with the continued strong performance of the MONOPOLY Luxury diamond WAP game and it [ indiscernible ] game . the decline of 1,701 unit in the average instal base of other lease and participation product primarily reflect the previously report loss of the Bedford contract for fix odd bet terminal in the UK in the first quarter a year ago . on a quarterly sequential basis , the period and instal footprint increase 31 unit . year - over - year , the average daily revenue increase nearly $ 1 or 6 % to $ 16.34 , which reflect improved cash box performance in it UK instal base , as well as an increase in the daily average revenue of Bally game , include the vlt at New York casino . Bally and WMS shipment to U.S. and canadian customer total 4,380 unit represent the decline of 1,115 unit from the prior year quarter , primarily reflect 997 few Illinois VLT ship and 608 few gaming machine for new casino opening and expansion , partially offset by a healthy 490 unit or 13 % increase in replacement unit . it ship only 147 Illinois VLT unit and game machine for new casino opening and expansion from this year ’s quarter compare with a total of 1,752 unit for Illinois and new casino opening a year ago . replacement unit aggregate 4,233 compare with 3,743 unit in the prior year quarter . it believe it ship share on replacement unit and correspond wallet share of casino spending increase on a year - over - year basis despite a low number of total unit ship , a primary element in it increased share of it customer ’ spend or wallet share have be the success of the Bally game on the innovative Pro Wave cabinet . the Pro Wave cabinet have be the lead contributor to the realization of high average selling price since it be launch last year . it expect the unit for new casino opening to improve in subsequent quarter . in early May , it ship new gaming machine for the expect June opening of the new Penn Plainridge facility in Massachusetts . inclusive of participation game , it believe it will have 43 % of the casino floor , include a strong presence of electronic table game seat , as well as end - to - end gaming system . internationally , it ship 2,352 unit , a decline of 945 unit , largely reflect low sale due to the continue import restriction in Argentina and the softness in the Australian and Mexico market . with the launch of new cabinet style throughout the year , it will have new product to offer the international market . on a year - over - year basis , the 2 % decrease in average selling price of new unit largely reflect the impact of convert to sale lease unit , partially offset by the high price of premium price Bally Pro Wave cabinet . as expect , give the record high level of hardware installation in the year ago quarter , gaming system revenue decline to $ 67 million , but be up $ 11 million from the December ‘ 14 quarter . maintenance revenue be essentially flat . while installation overall revenue remain lumpy on a quarterly basis , this business remain solid with the continued high win rate and an improved balance towards recur revenue over the long - term . today , approximately 50 % of gaming system revenue be from maintenance and service revenue compare to only 33 % in 2008 . for the remainder of 2015 , it continue to see an improve pipeline of system upgrade , expansion and installation . table product revenue decline $ 6 million , reflect a decrease in the number of shuffler sell , partially offset by an increase in the recur revenue from it instal base of shuffler , proprietary table game and other lease product . year - over - year , the instal base of shuffler increase 492 unit or 6 % , while the number of lease proprietary table game increase 128 game or 4 % . additionally , the number of table game progressive unit , table side bet and other table add - on reach a record total of 6,229 unit , up 15 % over the prior year . year - over - year , operating expense increase primarily as a result of the Bally acquisition reflect the high revenue and the saving realize through the implementation of integration initiative , include a portion from the WMS acquisition , attributable EBITDA increase by $ 138 million to $ 197 million . in it lottery segment , revenue total $ 186 million , inclusive of an unfavorable $ 6 million foreign currency impact compare to $ 194 million in the prior year period . service revenue decline $ 5 million , inclusive of $ 1 million on favorable currency impact . revenue be primarily impact by the cessation of sale relate to the previously announce loss of the Colorado lottery system contract effective October 1 , 2014 and low international revenue . this be partially offset by a favorable impact on U.S. retail sale of draw - base game with a $ 564 million Powerball jackpot that hit midway through the quarter . product sale revenue decline $ 6 million , inclusive of $ 2 million unfavorable currency impact , largely due to low sale of hardware terminal to international lottery customer , primarily those in Europe . these sale , similar to the installation of game system hardware , be subject to timing and demand and therefore the quarterly revenue be often lumpy . instant game revenue increase 2 % over the prior year period to $ 129 million , inclusive of a $ 3 million or 2 % unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation . 7 % growth in instant game revenue from customer with participation contract be drive principally by high retail sale to it U.S. customer , include high sale to Northstar New Jersey , plus sale to Hellenic lottery , which begin operation in May 2014 partially offset by slightly low price premium of sale to other U.S. and international customer . license and player loyalty revenue be essentially flat for the quarter . despite the 4 % revenue decline , operate income in the lottery segment increase 7 % or $ 3 million year - over - year , benefit from a more profitable mix of revenue and low operating expense . attributable ebitda for the segment decline $ 2 million or 3 % from the prior year to $ 78 million , largely reflect the decrease in EBITDA at it joint venture , primarily LNS in Italy and the absence of it Sportech equity investment that it sell in the first quarter a year ago . turn to it Interactive segment , revenue on a pro forma basis increase $ 6 million or 14 % year - over - year , reflect growth in both social gaming and real money gaming . social gaming continue to benefit from an increase base of user on both the Jackpot Party and Gold Fish casino social casino app . on a pro forma basis , it average daily user be up about 15 % , while the ARPDAU be flat with the prior year quarter . as a result of the high revenue and improve scale within it legacy interactive business , lottery operating income increase $ 8 million , $ 12 million from the legacy interactive business partially offset by $ 4 million operating loss from Bally . attributable ebitda triple to $ 10 million , reflect the benefit of high revenue and the improved scale being achieve in the interactive business . in summary , it believe that the combine company be begin to reflect and will continue to benefit from the diversity of it revenue stream . when couple with it intense focus on achieve integration cost saving , it have a define path to generate improve cash flow . and as it have previously note , it intend to prioritize free cash flow to reduce leverage . it believe the foundation be in place for improve operating result in future quarter . with continued progress in achieve it integration saving and improve organic growth , it believe it be largely on track to continue to expect it free cash flow will be meaningful better in the second half of the year with additional improvement of 2016 and beyond . and with that , let it turn the call back to Gavin .  , Scott . before take it question , it want to be clear on one very important point . while financial saving be very important in drive it expect increase in free cash flow in coming month , it number one commitment be to empower it customer . the long term value accretion from the Bally merger will be it ability to leverage the innovative product development and technological capability across the company to provide it customer in the gaming , lottery and interactive industry with high - earn product and service , total solution with the good - in - class value proposition . it customer understand this and be supportive of it strategy . the combination of it comprehensive product and service offering , the innovation and differentiation enable by it combine IP resource , the talented engineer and product development team around the world to create solution for it customer that will engage player and provide growth in it business . these be the strength that create the real excitement that it see when it first discuss the potential of combine Scientific Games with Bally . make no mistake while the revenue synergy be hard to quantify and generally take longer to materialize , it be no less real . new revenue synergy come from building on it heritage of innovation and create great content and system across game lottery and interactive . with it talented people , intellectual property , well - know brand , breadth and depth of product portfolio , technology and scale , it be uniquely position to create new way to engage player and to help it customer drive growth . it would like to  all it stakeholder , it board , it shareholder , it debt holder , and most importantly , it teammate in Scientific Games for all it hard work . integrate and run a business at the same time be difficult , but it be off to a strong start and be excited about the opportunity for the future . operator , it will now take the first question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo . please proceed . Cameron McKnight  very much . a question for Scott , first of all , Scott , could it walk it through the impact of some of the one - off on free cash flow in the quarter and guide it towards where underlie or recur free cash flow likely come out in the quarter ? Scott Schweinfurth sure . it mention that there be sort of two one - off in the cash flow from operating activity . one relate to the cash impact of the charge that it book during the quarter and that be $ 8 million and the other relate to the payment of $ 30 million in cash for previously accrue litigation amount that be settle during the quarter . so , those two be sort of the unusual item that sit in the quarter . so , if it take the number that be there and it add the $ 38 million to it , free cash flow be close to sort of a $ 45 million number . and as it say , it expectation be that that number will go go forward . Cameron McKnight okay , get it .  . and then a question perhaps for Gavin , could it talk to condition and just the environment within game operation ? unit be down sequentially and it have be hear that thing be get a little more competitive on the participation front . if it could give it an update there , that will be very helpful ? well , yes , it be delighted by it performance . it think it have strengthen in that part of the business . the unit number may have be down a little bit and that ’ different customer be move from unit . but it win per unit be up quite strongly , but across the entire board . so , it do not know about the competition per se . it think it have have a very strong quarter . and it do not know about the total market , but it think it be more than hold it own , if not grow in that space . Cameron McKnight okay , get it .  very much guy . it next question come from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel . please proceed . Steve Wieczynski hey , good afternoon guy . so , Gavin , can it help it go through the ASP , it mean , the ASP be a little soft , it think than most be look for and it be down a good bit quarter - over - quarter . so , be that partly mixed or what drive that down ? and can it talk about the pricing environment at this point ? yes , it ’ very simple . it be one convert to sale for a customer that go off - lease on to purchase . Steve Wieczynski okay . Can it just give a little more color though in term of what it be see out there in the pricing environment be it still pretty competitive at this point ? yes , the pricing have be fairly stable . it mean , it look back on it . it ’ over the last four or so year be fairly stable . there be absolutely no reason to discount when the market be so small . there be some customer try to – some competitor it should say , who bundle and try and give away free unit if it buy a certain number . but it just do not make sense to it to do that . it think that ultimately , there be a price where the market accept the unit and there be no much reason to go below that . but at the end of the day , the customer be not go to buy it unless it work . Steve Wieczynski okay , get it . and Scott , it just touch on this a little bit , but it guess when it look at the conversion into free cash flow be a little softer even if it add back the two thing it mention . and this be a – for most investor at this point , it ’ a leverage story . and it guess , with only pay down $ 18 million in the quarter , what give it the confidence over the next two or three quarter that it will see this free cash flow really start to accelerate again and the debt will – and the leverage will be reduce a little bit quicker ? Scott Schweinfurth well , it think there be some thing from the seasonality impact that will improve revenue in the future quarter . the gaming business traditionally on the product sale side , the June quarter be traditionally the good quarter in term of new unit sale . the June and the September quarter be usually the good quarter in term of revenue per day in the gaming operation business and as it say in the call , it pipeline for the system business show strong performance in the second half of the year . on the lottery side , the lottery business have a little bit of seasonality and the product sale side where the December quarter typically be the large quarter . it guess another thing it will point out be it lower it expectation for CapEx spending by about $ 25 million and sort of where it be at for the first quarter and where it expect to be for the rest of the year . and then probably , another very significant impact be the cost saving that it be implement from it integration effort will build throughout the year . it think Gavin talk about the fact that it be almost 50 % through what it expect to implement for the current year . and it will see benefit on the expense side , and therefore on the cost – on the cash side go forward . and let it add to that , Steve . quite obviously , put together the company of this size , there be a lot of people issue , there be a lot uncertainty and certainty . it be begin to get more momentum now . and as the team begin to settle in and work together , clearly it be go to operate the business more effectively . so first quarter , as it say in it part and it think be very strong start . Steve Wieczynski okay . and can it ask one more question ? Steve Wieczynski with the – it guess what kind of progress have it make , Gavin with go out to property and casino and sell that total package meaning go and be able to do slot , shuffler , system , it mean be people pretty receptive to that or be it pretty cautious , it do not want to give all of it business to one provider ? no , it think it be very – and it can ask as many more question like that as it want . it think that it be very receptive . it have be put it press release show some of these . the one the other day that it have put out where the customer genuinely take not only the system , it take game , it take recur revenue table , electronic table , shuffler , it think it even take chipper . then it take it , what it would call it SG Universe product where it actually take the play outside the casino and it can communicate with it customer there . it be genuine – it think the customer be very receptive . it understand what it be do . it understand the rationale . it really be look for people to lead the way into the future with new R&D and new concept and product . it have be share that with it , and the reception have be very positive . clearly , it system business be get – go from strength to strength again , which be a great start , system - base gaming and everything else like that . so it think – it be spend more time now that it get through the funding and the integration . it be spend more time get out in the road and try to meet with customer and as be it senior team . so very customer focus as it have always be . the team be very customer focus . customer be respond well and it think that all go well for the future . Steve Wieczynski  guy . it appreciate it . it next question come from Mike Malouf with Craig - Hallum Capital Group . please proceed . great .  for take it question . with regard to the CapEx , could it just – be that relate to the Turkey bid or be there some other reason why it lower the CapEx it miss that ?  . Scott Schweinfurth yes . there be a piece of it that be Turkey relate , because it be go to have to put some CapEx into the system infrastructure there . but it also see on both corporate basis and on the lottery basis plus spending and what be anticipate in the first quarter and some of that will continue into the rest of the year . okay , great . and then it be actually really helpful with regard to the free cash flow calculation , but on the EBITDA side , when it take a look at that write - up associate with the acquisition of $ 11 million , that ’ not include in the EBITDA , correct . so that ’ – it mean , it could almost say that EBITDA be $ 263 million ? Scott Schweinfurth no , it ’ in the $ 252 million . and the write up be ? Scott Schweinfurth correct . what it say be not in the $ 252 million be the impact of eliminate the defer revenue at the time of the acquisition and purchase account for $ 6 million that would have hit this quarter have it not eliminate in purchase accounting . okay , great .  it . it next question come from Kevin Coyne of Goldman Sachs . please proceed . hi , good afternoon .  it for take the question . it just want to follow - up on a previous question , just to understand the process a little bit more from the customer perspective , it be use to see in telecom and tech where service provider put out rfp and will ask for multiple bid , be it do that as well for Greenfield project like Baha Mar and be it ask for end - to - end solution in those rfp , be that kind of how it work or be it a little different ? yes . it mean in gaming – lottery be rfp always , the government contract and it responding to rfp . gaming , it be not go to just – some customer be very loyal and it just go straight to it incumbent system provider , for example . but effectively , when the customer want to buy a system for Greenfield property and if it ’ not link to anything else , it will see what the market ’s get out there . again , when it look at it system business , clearly it be the category leader and so it do bid . it often be more expensive than it competitor , but obviously the quality that the customer see and if it be prepared to – it depend on what it want from the system , but if the price be not a major determinant , it often win . so yes , it bid on everything . game , it mean it ’ really performance base . there be a lot of game provider out there , if it game perform well , that will be buy . the other aspect of that be to buy a game just because it ’ perform well today . it have get to have confidence that in 5 year time , the company it be buy it from will have more game to support that game will be quality game and not just a small one hit , one to shop . and that ’ why a lot of the – a lot of company with that size and scale seem to plateau . it be fairly see in every – one or two bank [ ph ] on the floor . so it mean there be lot of factor and that ’ the way gaming work . as it say , lottery be all – sorry , government lottery be all RFP base . interactive be , again it mean it have content . it hook out server in remote gaming server business up to b2c operator and the player go online . and if it want to play it game , it click on it . and if it want to play with someone else 's , it click that . but just as a follow - up , so it could submit a bid on an end - to - end solution and it could piecemeal except it bid for certain product and take other people ’s offer for those solution ? to an extent , it mean it ’ go to be compatible and it ’ get to talk , but yes . in theory , yes , it could do that . okay . just a question on the 8-k that be file a few day back regard competitor ’s allegation regard the technology , and again , it think the 8-k give it stance . but it be just curious how it customer be react to it and do it have any sense of timing of when it ’ go to be wrap up ? and perhaps , be there a precedent , let it say , issue that the industry deal with in the past and maybe it could give it how it be resolve ? well , it have not hear one piece from the customer . it can not – seriously , it want it to answer that ? well , it be worthy of an 8-k. come on , come on it should bury that . it mean , it have to put it in 8-k. Scott Schweinfurth right . it generally do not comment on litigation on these call . okay . just one final question and then it know during the roadshow , it have talk about opportunity with various state lottery contract that be come up for renewal , can it give it an update in term of be that go to be more of a back half of the year when it may start hear on some of those ? Scott Schweinfurth well , it have submit a couple of bid right now that be in the process of be evaluate . and there be not a set timeframe for when the lottery will make it decision on that . there be a couple more that it be expect to receive rfp sometime this year that it will respond to , but the decision likely would not be make until maybe end of this year or beginning of next year . great . good luck .  . Scott Schweinfurth it next question come from Chad Beynon with Macquarie . please proceed . hi ,  for take it question . Gavin , it mention a few minute ago , it kind of touch on SG Universe . and it want to dive into that a little bit , because one of the thing that be show to it a few year ago be the real money , it guess , property wagering on mobile device , ipad , iPhones , could it talk about the importance of this feature ? it know it be the only company currently do it . what the reception be from it operator ? it know it have a few announcement here . and more importantly , do it operator , particularly those in destination market have the WiFi capability to run this system ? just wonder if it could touch on that ? sure , sure . so , let it talk – it mean , it do not want to give too much to it competitor who be listen and it say hi to all of it . but clearly , SG Universe benefit from a very strong system background in business . it look at what Bally have . it look at Scientific Games be do with SciPlay . it look at what WMS be do with it solution . and it put together what ’ really rapidly become something it be very excited and it ’ like a good - of - breed . the WiFi capability be very , very cheap . it have beacon technology out there and it ’ not rocket science . it be build a new property , it build it in and retrofitting of property be not that expensive . so , that ’ quite easy . it ’ really – it mean , there be many different aspect to it and there be many different stage to it , but it have a fairly well - advance development plan for many of those stage in the whole concept about stay connect to it player and be able to communicate with a player on and off the property , be able to market it more effectively , both on and off the property , be able to offer it different solution , both for gaming and for play on and off the property . that ’ what it ’ all about it . and how important be it , clearly with mobile device that everyone be carry and with marketing , it become very effective and an important tool . be it the [ indiscernible ] , it mean , it think it ’ a great start , just one of it solution that it be work on to the future . okay ,  . that ’ helpful . it could give it a demo on one of it tradeshow . alright . it be look forward to it . and then on market share , it note that it believe that it gain market share . it be guess that be refer to the domestic market . wonder if it could touch on how it believe it be position internationally , particularly ahead of the flurry of opening in Asia over the next 12 to 18 month ? so , what be that again , sorry ? Scott Schweinfurth what it commentary on international positioning in advance of the property . sure , sure . well , it mean , just like here and the international customer , many of it be major , sort of like understand which one to achieve and what it be go to achieve with all it solution and the unification of the operate system thing like that . clearly , the system business actually penetrate the australian market really for the first time , which be very exciting and offer a great opportunity . so , it ’ sort of like more of the same . and there be certain market internationally that it ’ drive a little bit . Argentina , it all know it ’ very difficult to import and export , but there have be a little bit of business there and certainly around Mexico , thing like that . what ’ happen in the cow ? it look at it as a reset . it think ultimately probably work in favor of mass market , which be it kind of solution , but the rest of Asia seem to be bubble along and it continue to do well . and then it would say that Europe be another major flat purchase market , but it be start to see some traction and of course the vlt in Greece be a great opportunity . and one last one if it may , Scott , last quarter , it talk about a leverage goal of 4 time by the end of four year , it know that ’ a way out , but that kind of stuck in it head . give the put and take and some adjustment to cash flow and capex , could it just give it an update there or just confirm that that ’ still the goal ? Scott Schweinfurth yes , it goal be still to be less than a 5 multiple in a 4-year period and it remain committed to that goal . it be pleased with what it have be able to accomplish on an integration basis . it want to clarify one point on the $ 90 million of integration cost saving that have be implement . that be a run - rate for the year versus what be realize during the quarter . so , there be a difference between implement and realize just to make that clear . so , it do think that it be on track for achieve the leveraging and get to the goal that it set out at the start . okay ,  it both . it next question come from Susan Berliner with JPMorgan . please proceed . hi ,  it . good afternoon . Scott , it want to start with it , if it could . Can it just tell it it guess what the actual synergy in the first quarter that be achieve ? Scott Schweinfurth yes , the preponderance of the synergy relate to position elimination as it report it have – since the closing of the transaction , it have eliminate 650 position within the company and be a bit ahead of where it expect to be at this point in time . and in addition all of the sort of public company cost that be duplicate between the two out of these have be eliminate and it have make progress on , let it say , use the scale of it combine operation in renegotiate term with vendor and get low cost for that . it also have make pretty decent progress on close and combine facility on a global basis . it mention in it remark that it – in the quarter , it make the decision to locate it european headquarters in Barcelona . and so it be make progress on get that accomplish . so , the actual number for implement synergy be around $ 25 million ? Scott Schweinfurth no , the implement synergy , be the $ 90 million that it talk about . so , through the closing in November through March 31 , 2015 , it have implement $ 90 million of the $ 188 million that it expect to have implement by the end of calendar 2015 . okay . it be just try to get what be flow through for 1q , but it can circle back with it on that . it guess , and one of the question it keep get be what a true apple - to - apple EBITDA be and it know it do a really – the cash flow – walk it through the cash flow and the add back be really helpful , it be wonder if it could do that with EBITDA ? Scott Schweinfurth well , there be a table in the press release , right , that sort of highlight the thing that be unusual in the quarter and the total amount be $ 29.4 million . and then if it there be – it also provide a table near the end of the press release that on a pro forma basis show the pro forma income statement result . and there be a reconciliation from the net loss to attributable ebitda on a pro forma basis for what the March ‘ 14 quarter to March ‘ 15 quarter , and it also put in there the sequential quarter , the December ‘ 14 quarter so that if people want to look at sequential improvement , what that look like . okay , that ’ helpful .  . and then it just have a couple of other . with it , it guess shipment to Plainridge , the Greece vlt , Baha Mar , it know it guy do not like to give guidance , but it think a bunch of it miss on the sale number this quarter , so it be wonder if it could help it how it should think about the shipment over the next few quarter ? Scott Schweinfurth well , the – as it have say , the June quarter be traditionally the strong quarter of the year in term of unit shipment . and it can perhaps go back and look at historical datum to get a perspective on that . the September quarter at the opposite end of the spectrum be usually the slow quarter in term of new unit shipment for the year . and December will be an improvement over September or that ’ what it would expect , but certainly less than what the June quarter will be . great . and then it last ... Scott Schweinfurth and it be sorry , one other thing if it could add . it mention the greek shipment , the greek opportunity be not a unit sale opportunity . it ’ a game operation opportunity . so that will be earn revenue over a 10-year period of recur revenue for that . okay , great . and then just one question on any hedge strategy to deal with the FX movement ? Scott Schweinfurth it actually have a discussion of that with it Board and have conclude at this point in time relative to the cash flow that come internationally , that it would not do any additional hedging on foreign currency . great .  it very much . it next question come from [ indiscernible ] with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . please proceed . hi , guy . it ’ James Kayler . how be it do ? it think it be still feel . just to maybe dig into the unit sale a little bit more , it think there be something in the release , but there be a lot of datum in here , can it just give it a little color on what happen with replacement sale versus new open sale in the quarter . and it guess , it would also be helpful , it know it do not want to give sort of granular guidance , but maybe just to give it outlook for the north american replacement market for the rest of the year ? Scott Schweinfurth okay . so relative to the unit sale for the quarter , in the U.S. and Canada it ship 4,380 unit , and embed in that be 147 Illinois VLT unit and 4,233 replacement unit . and that 4,233 be up from 3,743 on a pro forma basis in the prior period , so it be up 13 % . and it believe there be no new unit ship to new casino opening or expansion . very good . and what do the comp look like for the rest of the year , like in term of new opening last year ? Scott Schweinfurth it do not have that datum in front of it , James . but as an example , it obviously ship in April , the Penn Plainridge unit , which it talk about in the discussion . it think it overall expectation be that new unit shipment in this year will be probably a little bit low than what it be last year and last year be not particularly strong for new unit shipment to begin with . it be go to continue to have the same tough comparison with Illinois VLT unit because that market be mature and the number of new location that be be authorize be slow . it just answer Susan that it do expect on an overall basis unit to be up and be the high of the year in the June quarter , be the low of the year in the September quarter and then up in the December quarter from the – it be sorry the December quarter from the September quarter . okay , very good . and then on the gaming app business , obviously there be a sequential change , it ’ it understanding if there be one particularly large distressed gaming operator that have take a pretty dramatic new approach to it gaming app . but again , from a – on a sequential basis , how do it think about the wide area progression in premium game install for the rest of the year ? Scott Schweinfurth well , to be quite frankly , it ’ likely to be dependent upon the performance of the game on the floor because if it be perform well , it will generally get more placement on the floor . it be encourage by ... it seem to be perform well . Scott Schweinfurth right . the last couple of quarter , it have have pretty nice quarter - over - quarter improvement – quarter over the prior year quarter improvement in the revenue per day , which it think will be helpful . and the thing that it can not predict be if there be other operator that decide that it want to reduce or right size it participation footprint . okay , very good . and it guess just the last sort of outlook question would be on system . it know it be a very tough system comp in the fourth quarter as well as in this first quarter , how do the comp look for the system business for the rest of the year in term of large install last year ? Scott Schweinfurth alright . so it think that the September quarter and the December quarter be – in ‘ 14 be relatively low than the first two quarter for that year . so it would say the comp will be easy in the last half of the year , especially give the backlog of the business and the new install that Gavin talk about in Australia , that it will be put in over that timeframe . okay . just one last housekeeping question , all the datum and the pro forma datum it give in the release be very helpful , be there any chance that it be go to provide that for like a full of roll four or eight quarter for model purpose ? Scott Schweinfurth well , it guess next quarter it would have in the June ‘ 14 quarter and it be only miss the September ‘ 14 quarter and it can probably get to that by take the December – it be sorry , the year end ‘ 14 and back out the first – the quarter . so , it will see . if it ’ helpful , it can certainly put it in the next release . okay , very good .  it , guy . it next question come from [ indiscernible ] , Independent Credit Research . please proceed . Unidentified Analyst good afternoon .  it for take it question . first , it be wonder if it can tell it , have it notice any change in the decision - make process of it gaming customer in regard to buy versus sell fee of it machine ? Unidentified Analyst and what – on average , if it take [ indiscernible ] as a volume , what be the percent machine that it be lease versus sell ? no , it do not quite work that way . there be different category on the floor . it depend on the customer . it think on average customer , if it take America as an average , it may lease about 20 % of it floor , but it really depend . Unidentified Analyst but in regard to new opening casino , be it more inclined to buy or to lease ? Scott Schweinfurth it think it depend upon the casino operator and what it particular strategy be because some have a rich mix of participation and some have a lean mix of participation . it think on an overall basis , participation be usually sort of 8 % , 9 % of a total casino floor . Unidentified Analyst and if it go up to it , would it rather sell all of it machine or to lease it ? Scott Schweinfurth it would rather lease rather than sell . it be focused on it customer . and if it customer – there be certain property that it have lease to it so that it could only lease . there be other where it offer the option and where it offer the option , it ’ entirely up to the customer . Unidentified Analyst okay , that ’ helpful . and then the next question be it be wonder if it would be willing to start break down it sale and maybe a number of unit instal , it segment internationally versus in North America , be there any plan to do this ? Scott Schweinfurth no , it do not think so . it mean , it break out the unit that it sell between U.S. and Canada and international , but it have not traditionally break out the gaming app and instal footprint . for the entire unit . Unidentified Analyst okay . and then would it tell it a little bit more about the compensation ? how do the compensation work for it salespeople in lottery segment and in the gaming segment ? do it make base salary plus commission ? and where be this condensation reflect in the income statement , only in cost of good sell or SG&A ? yes , sure , right . in both business and even in it interactive business , the salesperson have a base salary and it earn a commission base upon what product it actually sell . and those cost , both the salary and the commission be include in it SG&A cost . it next question come from David Farber with Credit Suisse . please proceed . hey , guy . just one real quick question . it be not sure if it guy have this at hand , but have it guy – or do it know how much actually have be realize with regard to the cost saving to - date ? it know it guy talk about have what kind of run through the P&L today or in the first quarter ? Scott Schweinfurth it think it be only talk about what get implement in the quarter rather than what get realize in the quarter and that ’ the disclosure that it have opt to make . it can imagine though if it have implement $ 90 million by the end of March that it be go to get most of that realize during the 2015 period . right . yes , it know that make sense . and then just in term of and it may not touch on this either , but just in term of current apple - to - apple LTM number relative to kind of what it guy show in offer document with the high - yield deal ? it think it guy have like $ 1.3 billion or so . do it guy have a number that ’ comparable to that kind of roll forward for today ? Scott Schweinfurth it do not have that number in front of it . but again , it believe that it be – if anything , it be ahead of where it expect to be on the synergy at this point in time , because it be able to accelerate some of the position elimination that have be plan . ahead of that , will that include the $ 235 million , but be it say that number may be high or it be just say in term of timing ? Scott Schweinfurth it be just say in term of timing . at this point , it be ahead of where it expect to be in position elimination . yes , that ’ the spirit . Scott Schweinfurth yes , the $ 235 million be what be in the offering document . right . that ’ what it be say . it be say be there – so like in that document it have attributable ebitda of $ 1 billion essentially . essentially , it be look for that number , LTM for today it think some other guy be touch on that as well ? it think it be say it be totally on track . got it . okay , it ’ relatively close 1.2 % to 1.3 % . Scott Schweinfurth okay ,  it . it next question come from Dan Fuss with Morgan Stanley . please proceed . hey , guy . it will make it quick as most of it question have be answer , but be there any other FX impact outside of the lottery impact that it should be mindful of whether be in table , system , interactive or on the international unit side ? Scott Schweinfurth yes , there be a little bit in gaming and a little bit in interactive . in it gaming business , for the preponderance of it revenue , it be in dollar , but it do have the fix odd bet terminal in the UK . so , there tend to be a little bit of currency there . and then on the interactive business , it also have – for it real money gaming business , it be do that in local currency . and there be a fairly fragile portion of that , that ’ either euro or pound base . but it recollection for the quarter be that there be $ 8 million total FX impact on revenue , $ 6 million of that be in the lottery business and the balance be split between gaming and interactive . great ,  it very much . it next question come from David hargreave with Sterne Agee . please proceed . David hargreave hey , great job on the integration process and  it for bear with it since it get to know the company better . it be wonder if it could give it some color on when it think about the replacement market and the average age of machine , what should it be look to in term of indicator – forward indicator , budget and customer attitude ? it mean , how important be it to start to see some sort of casino top line revenue growth ? and what else should it be look at and think about ? it guess it ’ a combination of thing . and it guess , it mean it dead friend explain how this will work . so , when it start in the business , it be probably like a 5-year life cycle for a game . then it bring software into the game and that extend the life of the cabinet . the cabinet be still a computer . and a lot of these thing be get old and old and clearly , the new one be perform better . [ Technical Difficulty ] very proactive in it equipment , particularly native american casino , even canadian casino , so it often see refreshment rate there high than maybe some of the more cash - strap corporate casino . again , it depend on the region as well . in a competitive regional environment , the local environment , it get more replacement than it will in , say , a tourist environment . so , there be no one easy answer . it seem to it that it have get to a stage that those who have be invest in the floor continue to improve , even good growth rate in some of the regional market . not the one that be publicly record , but in the private native american market and thing like that . and again it constantly be improve it floor . so that ’ the story that it try and tell it customer . it try and show it the evidence , but sometimes it just feel that there be well use for it capital . clearly , growth will drive a lot more replacement , it would hope . there be no such thing as a market – it mean every market be a little bit different . David hargreave okay . and in term of new jurisdiction be there any particular state that be on it radar screen right now ? well , unfortunately lot of it , but obviously Massachusetts and Maryland expansion there . talk about Alabama be great . and it will take any that come Macau , there be five or six property open over the next 2 year there . there be some opening in Asia , which be always good . New York , five property open here , four define and one to be define at least . David hargreave and then those that have not be approve already ? it look for everything . it mean , Alabama will be one that would be that just top this week . but yes , it be constantly out there look , but it do not know if anything that ’ go to surprise everybody . David hargreave be there any important lottery contract in the next 12 month that it should be watch that may have some lumpy impact on the number ? yes . it ’ sort of like the secret sauce . it do have lot it often – it be constantly – it put out release when it do extension that have be approve . it bid on thing and whoever win put that bid out . some thing it do not bid on . and really be ... Scott Schweinfurth and it can look in it 10-k , it have a table that disclose the large lottery contract and what the expiration date of those contract be and whether there be any extension to extend beyond those expiration date . 