today , it want to talk about the result deliver by it exceptional team of professional from across the company who continue to execute on it deliberate and determined strategy to reposition Southwestern Energy to compete and win in a low commodity price environment . it return - focus strategy target five key area to deliver improve return and drive long - term value . it be capture ever increase value from it concentrated portfolio of high quality , large scale asset . it be drive value from it high return Appalachia asset and grow it liquid production base in that area . it lead transportation portfolio maximizes value in a volatile commodity market . it be adamant about return - focus capital allocation , and it invest in the high value - create project in it portfolio all within cash flow . it be make continuous gain on increase capital efficiency and expand margin to deepen it inventory . and it have a robust hedge philosophy for natural gas , basis , and a portion of it liquid , focus on protect it cash flow while retain exposure to increase in commodity price . and it be leverage it lead technical and operate capability to maximize resource capture through strong operational efficiency and excellent execution . as 2018 progress , it continue to reshape the company . in the second quarter , it improve margin and report high cash flow all above prior - year level drive by an increase in liquid production while benefit from the impact of high realize NGL and oil pricing . it Appalachia asset continue to grow and alone generate over $ 489 million in EBITDA through the first six month of 2018 . it take action during the quarter on it previously announce initiative to reduce cost even further with a saving benefit of over $ 50 million for the remainder of this year or $ 110 million in annualized saving which include interest cost and G&A saving . it report total production of 234 Bcf equivalent include record total Appalachia production of 1.8 Bcfe per day and 44 % liquid growth year - over - year . it quarterly production , which be above the high end of guidance , reflect the strength of it high quality Appalachia asset . and as a result , it be raise full - year production guidance to 955 to 970 bcfe and 62,100 barrel per day of liquid with no increase in capital guidance . important factor that underlie this guidance raise include improve operational execution and well performance . clay will provide detail on this shortly . it 2018 capital plan deliberately front loaded activity and it remain on track to invest within it original capital guidance . further , it expect it asset to generate modest excess cash flow above capital requirement in the current pricing environment which clearly demonstrate it momentum and exercise of financial discipline . it focus on liquid growth continue to improve it economic and it have ample current and forward plan NGL processing and fractionation capacity to deliver further result . it be work with multiple counter - party to strategically structure additional long - term takeaway capacity for propane plus liquid to maximize price , accommodate future growth , all while continue flow assurance . to reiterate , it be raise production guidance and reaffirm capital guidance , while invest within cash flow generate from it operation , consistent with it clear objective to maintain financial discipline . and finally , before it turn the discussion over to Clay , it commentary around Fayetteville 's strategic process remain unchanged . as it have clearly and consistently communicate , it want to protect the integrity of this process . it believe it remain in the good interest of it shareholder not to discuss additional detail or speculate on future outcome . it will let it know when the process be complete . now , let it turn it over to Clay for some operation highlight . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co.  it , Bill , and  to everyone on the call and webcast . operationally , it have a strong second quarter building on the momentum it establish in the first quarter . total production be 234 Bcfe , which be above the high end of guidance and include 61,370 barrel per day of liquid production . it continue to improve it operational efficiency and well performance , and it show up in it result . let it give it a couple of example . it increase the number of completion stage pump per day by 36 % in Appalachia and reduce facility installation cycle time by 52 % in Southwest Appalachia compare to 2017 . these improvement couple with it front - end load capital program allow it to complete 13 more well in the second quarter than it originally plan activity and bring nine more well to sale . it will now provide a quick asset summary for the quarter and an activity update for the second half of the year . in Northeast Appalachia , it place 17 well to sale during the quarter , eight of it in the Tioga area . late in the quarter , it begin to realize the early cost reduction benefit from the previously announce water infrastructure project , which be on track to be complete in the third quarter , at which time it will see the full cost benefit of $ 400,000 per well . additionally , it be see continue well performance improvement in Tioga . a recent two - well pad have the high average initial production rate per well it have see at 29 million cubic foot per day , a 35 % increase compare to the initial development pad in the area . the performance increase be attribute to it continued effort to optimize completion design and lateral placement . total gross production in the Tioga area have grow from approximately 50 million cubic foot per day in June of 2017 to 210 million cubic foot per day at the end of the second quarter . it also enhance it future operate drilling inventory in Tioga by execute a joint development agreement with a private firm at no incremental cost . the agreement add 23 future drilling location directly adjacent to it exist core position , which allow it to extend lateral length to approximately 11,000 foot , which result in improve well economic . through the execution of this joint development agreement and strategic land leasing , it be able to core up and expand it total acreage in the Tioga area to approximately 37,500 net acre . in Southwest Appalachia , it place 26 well to sale , all in the rich gas area . it continued focus on liquid have lead to NGL growth of 47 % and condensate growth of 31 % , both compare to a year ago . a two - well development pad be place online early in the quarter , and after 90 day of production , the two well be produce 22.7 million cubic foot equivalent per day , with 40 % condensate and 70 % total liquid , include approximately 1,500 barrel of condensate per day , prove to be some of the high condensate producer in the basin . it also add to the depth of it Southwest Appalachia drill inventory during the quarter . it place it first Upper Devonian well to sale less than a month ago , and it be produce 15 million cubic foot equivalent per day with 43 % liquid , which be in line with it liquid - rich marcellus well . it be encourage by the early production performance of the well and have further testing plan for later this year . it approach to the Upper Point Pleasant have be to accelerate learning via datum trade and it complete additional trade in the quarter . this help accelerate it operational and technical understanding while minimize capital investment , so it can allocate capital to high value liquid rich area . lastly , it continue to progress the Southwest Appalachia water project and expect it to be operational by the end of the year . the majority of the capital spend associate this project will be in the second half of the year . Fayetteville continue to deliver target production and cash flow to the company . it place two redevelopment well online in mid - April . these two well along with the initial well be show a 25 % to 50 % increase in EUR compare to offset well which continue to validate the recovery improvement predict by utilize advanced completion design and optimize landing zone . it end the second quarter with four drilling rig run and three frac crew . as it think about the second half of the year , it will reduce to two rig and two frac crew in the fourth quarter . as Bill mention , this activity profile be consistent with it original plan . but as a result of the cycle time improvement , it expect to be toward the high end of it completion count guidance for the year . so , it be invest the same amount of capital and get more do . it will now turn it over to Julian to discuss the business performance in the quarter . Julian Mark Bott - Southwestern Energy Co.  it , Clay , and  . it have a very good quarter , and it expect that operational momentum contribute to this quarter 's performance will continue the rest of the year . in the current pricing environment , it forecast operate cash flow from all it asset to exceed it capital investment . any excess cash will be use to reduce borrowing under it bank facility . for the quarter , it generate cash flow of $ 280 million and adjust EBITDA of $ 317 million , an increase of 12 % and 13 % above last year . these increase be primarily drive by high liquid production and strong realize liquid price . for the first six month , it generate cash flow of $ 638 million and adjust EBITDA of $ 713 million . Appalachia contribute $ 489 million to adjust EBITDA and Fayetteville E&P and Midstream contribute $ 191 million . it would like to talk briefly about margin . it of Southwest Appalachia division generate a margin of $ 1.60 per Mcfe during the quarter , an increase of 76 % over the same period last year and $ 1.48 per Mcf for the first six month . the weighted average realize price of $ 3 for Southwest Appalachia reflect the pricing uplift from liquid on a per Mcfe basis . it revise full - year guidance for average liquid production be approximately 62,100 barrel per day which be 37 % above 2017 . Northeast Appalachia margin be $ 1.51 per Mcf for the first half of the year , include a $ 0.26 per Mcf improvement in differential . this be primarily a result of basis continue to improve in the region as more pipeline go into service . in the second quarter , despite interruption cause by plan maintenance on multiple Northeast pipeline , it marketing team successfully navigate disruption and it Northeast Appalachia production be 15 % high than the same quarter in 2017 . in the first six month , it invest $ 741 million in capital expenditure , consistent with it front - end load capital program . to reaffirm , it will invest within original capital guidance of $ 1.15 billion to $ 1.25 billion for the full year , all of which will be within cash flow . as Clay mention , it activity will reduce in the second half , but action already take operationally have contribute to more – to it more positive production outlook for the rest of the year . it new production guidance range of 695 to 707 Bcfe for appalachian production . look at midpoint , this represent a 21 % year - over - year growth and compare to original growth guidance of 18 % . it guidance for liquid come from Southwest Appalachia be 5 % high and represent a 37 % growth in liquids year - over - year to more than 68,200 barrel per day in the fourth quarter . Northeast Appalachia annual guidance be on average 15 bcfe higher due to the well outperformance , operational efficiency and gather system improvement . these improvement be achieve with no additional capital cost which be consistent with it production guidance increase without a correspond change in capital guidance . lastly , it liquidity position remain strong with approximately $ 1.5 billion available under it revolving credit facility net of borrowing and letter of credit . it leverage ratio remain essentially flat quarter - over - quarter at 2.7 time debt - to - EBITDA compare to 3.1 time at the end of the second quarter last year . that conclude it comment and it would like to turn it back to Chad to begin the Q&A session . question - and - answer session and ,  it . it will now be conduct it question - and - answer session . the first question will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice . please go ahead . Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC  , Bill , to it and it team there . William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co.  , Charles . Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Bill , it guy already give some detail on what the back half of 2018 activity level look like , and it appreciate that . but it want to explore it a little bit more and see if it hold any indication for 2019 that it would be willing to share . so it guy be go down to two rig and two frac crew , if it hear that right , in the back part of the year . do it anticipate that be kind of a maintenance level where it stay and be that a level that will be kind of consistent with what it want to run in the case of Fayetteville sale sometime in the back half of this year ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. it be correct – this be Clay – on the two rig and two frac crew at the latter part of the fourth quarter . it have not complete it 2019 budget plan , but as it have talk about and be characteristic it in the past year be there be typically a ramp up as it move into the new budget year and it expect that to be heavily focus in Appalachia . Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC got it . that be helpful detail , Clay . and then Bill , it want to be respectful of it comment about not talk around the Fayetteville sale , but it wonder if it could help educate it and maybe the market a little bit . there be a recent – there be a recent sale by another firm of Fayetteville asset and can it talk a little bit about the profile of it Fayetteville versus the profile of those asset that recently transact and what maybe – obviously it be in the same – the asset in it same field but what the important difference be between those two ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah , Charles . it respect the question a lot . as it have say , it be not go to comment on anything relate to Fayetteville at this time . process be ongoing and once it have conclude that , it will let everybody know . and so , let it just leave it there . Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC okay .  , Bill . the next question will come from Rehan Rashid with B. Riley FBR . please go ahead . Rehan A. Rashid - B. Riley FBR , Inc. morning . just a couple of question . the $ 110 million of saving begin in 2019 . it just want to confirm that all the benefit kind of will show up in 2019 ? do it see anything this year ? and then could it recap for it if it could please the breakdown of the source , where it get the saving from ? Julian Mark Bott - Southwestern Energy Co. sure . this be Julian . so actually , it will see benefit already because those step have be take . of the $ 110 million , about $ 40 million be associate with financing cost both from improve the capital efficiency when it do the revolver and also from the rating upgrade that it get from the from the two rating agency which give it the ability to get rid of some of it letter of credit and credit assurance and state cost . those have happen , so that start show . then as far as the remainder , the $ 70 million , those be ongoing step . there be a reduction in force that it have at the very end of the second quarter . so it do not see it in the second quarter number , but it start see those result or the effect of that come as it move through the year . Rehan A. Rashid - B. Riley FBR , Inc. okay . okay .  it . on the operational side in the Appalachias , the Northeast and the Southwest , as it think about 2019 , kind of as it think about kind of oil margin versus liquid margin versus gas margin , how much more practical room be there to shift capital , whatever it spend on the Northeast , as a proportion between Northeast and Southwest ? meaning , can it shift more than what it have today or for 2018 into the more liquid - rich area for 2019 and 2020 ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . this be Bill . it have the flexibility give the fact that it own it rig , it own one of the frac plate that be work and it set it contract up the basin , Appalachia area , broaden out ( 21:19 ) . it can move back and forth . and as it put – as it have do historically , it budget planning process will happen later in the year . it will take a look at pricing and it can shift either as a budget or it can shift virtually on the fly as it conclude well . so as it manage that area , it manage as a portfolio , and it will continue to do so . so there be a lot of flexibility there . Rehan A. Rashid - B. Riley FBR , Inc. perfect .  it . real quick for clay , what would be it top two operational goal for second half of 2018 and for 2019 ?  . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. sure . clearly , to continue to make operational efficiency improvement . it have make great stride but it think there be room for it to continue that . and then equally important be that it continue to advance the subsurface performance , that it continue to improve how it be complete the well and continue to get well production profile out of it . Rehan A. Rashid - B. Riley FBR , Inc. it next question will come from Marshall Carver with Heikkinen Energy Advisors . please go ahead . Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC yes .  . just a question , after it have it water system in place , where do it expect well cost to be in Appalachia by liquid rich versus it more condensate area or dry area ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. sure . that all will vary dependent upon lateral length , but when it get those – both of those water system fully up and run , and it have talk about the $ 400,000 per well benefit in Northeast App , and a $ 500,000 per well benefit in Southwest , it feel comfortable it will get down in that $ 900 per foot type of range on the performance of those well . Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC okay . and that apply $ 900 a foot in both Northeast and Southwest ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC all right .  it . the next question will come from Michael McAllister with MUFG Securities . Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America , Inc.  , guy .  it for take it question . there be comment in the press release about use the cash flow , or the free cash flow , to address the credit facility . be that about $ 350 million ? Julian Mark Bott - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . that be right . in the 10-Q , it be $ 360 million . Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America , Inc. $ 360 million , it be sorry . be that kind of like the North Star for it of where it want , be there a level that it feel comfortable work with , and do that kind of dictate how it approach 2019 ? Julian Mark Bott - Southwestern Energy Co. it mean , look , it be a $ 2 billion facility . clearly , it have ample room under it . it be live within cash flow so it do not expect to ever push upper limit of that . it mean , the $ 360 million be a comfortable level . it think the comment about the cash be just that that be efficient rather than carry it on the balance sheet when it be live within cash flow , just reduce the debt . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. and let it add to that . so as it put it budget together later in the year and into the first part of next year , part of the timing of that be to get a little bit clear picture on what the forward curve look like for that year . it then lock that number and then it adjust capital investment on a dynamic basis depend on what the projection of cash flow look like . and so , invest within cash flow be how it run , and that will be the lever it pull . Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America , Inc. okay . fair enough . it think that the comment about the – it be well to , the idea of cash and , on it balance sheet , that kind of answer it question , kind of like the barometer of what it guy feel comfortable with on the financial end so ,  it for that . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America , Inc. Can it have another question and deal with just basically the DUC inventory guidance that it give earlier in the year for the region and have that change any with these decision that it have make today ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. it be still on track with it full year guidance range of 35 to 45 well . Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America , Inc. all right . great . fantastic .  it . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. the next question will be from Noel Parks with Coker Palmer Institutional . please go ahead . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer , Inc. oh , yes . Can it hear it ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer , Inc. great . say , it just be curious about the redevelopment result it have in the Fayetteville and just wonder if it have any sense of what the return be on project like that . and it be also wonder with the legacy development pattern , be sort of all vintage of well in the plate equally good candidate for redevelopment or do it sort of depend on when it be drill , how it be complete ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . it will take that . this be Clay . there be a lot of it that be , all benefit from the late completion and late landing zone technology . if it remember , there be a mix of well that be duc on it book that it be drill now with the current technology and then there be well that be offset exist producer . and the one that maybe have a little more variability that it look at be when , how it be complete , what vintage of well it be , how long the lateral be , how much of it stay in the zone . but use the datum analytic that it have for that area , it be able to high - grade those opportunity . as it say in the previous call , and it have get a little more production history on the three well that be track consistent with it expectation . and from a PBI standpoint , it be in that 1.3 , a little over 1.3 ( 28:08 ) range which be attractive . it just do not compete with it Appalachia asset economic . Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer , Inc. got it . okay . and be there any implication for density it can achieve either as it redevelop , it mean , compare with previous assumption ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. when it be put in the new full well that be part of the normal spacing pattern , it be comfortable with that space pattern . where it be get tight be where it do the redevelopment well offset an exist producer . but it be do thing in how it frac those well to limit , and it have not see the communication over to the offset legacy well that have produce in the past . so it be almost twine that well . it be drill a new one , get next door to it , and contact rock in a well way than it do in the first go - round . Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer , Inc. great .  a lot . the next question will come from Jamaal Dardar with Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Company . please go ahead . Jamaal Dejon Dardar - Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. Securities , Inc.  , everyone .  for take it call . just want to dive into Tioga County a bit more here . this region have see rapid improvement over the last several quarter . just kind of want to get a sense on what percentage of the acreage it would say be de - risked , out of that disclose 37,500-acre count ? and do this include most of Lycoming County as well , or be that also a potential leg of upside in the future ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. sure . it will touch on that . it include most of the Lycoming County . it generally call that whole area it Tioga area , but it be a combination of those two county . it be well on it way to fully prove all of that up . it would say the majority of that 37,500 , it feel really good about . there be some of the northern reach of it that maybe be not as advanced . but overall , the majority of it be go in the right direction , and it be see well performance with each new pad that it bring on . Jamaal Dejon Dardar - Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. Securities , Inc. all right . that sound good . and the upper devonian comment , that seem new and pretty promising as well . just kind of want to get a sense , and grant it be early , but just want to get a sense of the size of the prize there for additional liquid - rich location within that horizon and also if co - development may be need with the Marcellus . Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . so , it agree with it comment . it be early . it be intrigue and excited about what it be see right now , and part of that have to do with the liquid - rich nature of it . that be compelling in this commodity price environment . it have talk about before the kind of the 3p potential around the Upper Devonian be in the 70 to 90s ( 31:39 ) range . it be early day there . and as it mention , co - development be a possibility . and so it be scratch the surface right now , but it have have continue focus on the continue progression of it inventory , and it like what it be see so far . Jamaal Dejon Dardar - Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. Securities , Inc. all right .  a lot everybody . the next question come from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers . please go ahead . Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. it want to go back to the question about the Fayetteville recompletion again and just to ask it two thing . one , as it continue to manage the decline in the Fayetteville until it reach the end of it process , be it mainly do recompletion to optimize the decline rate or be it still do some active drilling in the Fayetteville ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . the well that Clay talk about and redevelopment be all part of a test program . while it own asset or own anything it constantly be work on it to improve it . but the capital program for SWN ( 32:48 ) under it capital allocation model of high PVI and economic return focus the vast majority of it capital to it Appalachia Basin area , and that be where it focus be . but really the , any change in decline rate or any or activity around gas in the Fayetteville be because of the work the team be do to continuously operate and improve that asset on an ongoing basis . Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. okay . and a follow - up to that be just , some of these thing that it be learn in that program in the Fayetteville , would it be eventually applicable to Appalachia legacy portion , so whenever it be appropriate to take a look at that ... William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. absolutely and ... Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. ... at some point in the future ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. absolutely . and it have , one of the great thing it be do be it have really accelerate the learn cycle . so as it try an opportunity in one part of it company and it apply it in the rest . so it be already in the planning stage around do some of that and it will bring that information out shortly . but both part of the appalachian division have opportunity there . Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. right . and if it could just ask a quick question about the JV , it mean , typically JV mean 50%/50 % of it . it be imagine it be pair some acreage with it partner , so that it guy can drill those 11,000 foot lateral it talk about . do it end up really be a 50%/50 % split after it put everything together ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. no . it do not . it mean , it be obviously , it be operate this and it will be maximize the value out of it for both venture as it go forward . so it do not , it do not disclose any more detail than that under the agreement that it have . Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research , Inc. that be helpful . it appreciate it .  it . it next question come from Kashy Harrison with Piper Jaffray . please go ahead . Kashy Harrison - Piper Jaffray & Co.  , everyone , and  for take it question . so there be a lot of good work happen operationally and , it mean , it be certainly come across on the financial just give it ability to deliver high production despite the same amount of capital invest . and once this water infrastructure project come online , it look like capital efficiency be go to get even better next year . so it be just wonder , when it put everything together , all the efficiency , all the improvement , everything it be see in it portfolio , be the quantity of economic inventory expand in a sub $ 3 gas environment ? and if so , can it give it a rough sense of what that rate of change in inventory could look like , as it get close to the year - end reserve season ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . so what it would say be that it be improve the economic and improve the progression of it inventory by all these operational efficiency and focus on high production rate and eur . as it relate to progress the inventory , it rich and lean inventory in Southwest Appalachia be clearly already in it inventory , already highly economic and it be work on way to make it well . as it relate to Upper Devonian and UPP , those be where there be more opportunity to keep progress the understanding and move those into the sub $ 3 inventory mark , and it be focus on that . in Northeast App , similar type of activity . the Tioga example that it have share today be where it be bring both new drilling location into the portfolio and make it longer which be improve economic , which be lower the breakeven and help it below $ 3 and the team be actively continue to work on that . William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . and a couple of comment of color to add to that , first one would be , one of the terrific thing for Southwestern that be happen in this current environment be while gas price be down , it differential be improve . and so , it realize price be able to come up when NYMEX price be go down . and it transportation portfolio and the access to the market , it have enable that to happen . that 'd be one . number two , as it look at , if it do this on a breakeven basis , it be try to expand the breadth . so it have venture like it talk about in Northeast PA , add to inventory . and it talk about the depth . and in the rich area in Southwest Appalachia , it be less than $ 2.50 ( 37:41 ) dependent on liquid price . and so , it have the opportunity to capture quite a bit of that . and as all of these change happen in term of improvement , it just drive that down further . in Northeast PA , it be right around $ 2.50 ( 37:56 ) breakeven for the area and some even well than that . and so , it reposition drive everything it do to top quartile and to be sub-$3 . in a sub-$3 environment , it can continue to deliver some fine result . Kashy Harrison - Piper Jaffray & Co.  . that be excellent color there . and then maybe a separate sort of question , more strategic in nature . Bill , for several year now , it have more or less invest largely within cash flow . it be one of the early company to do so . and it be just wonder , what be it thought on potentially break glass in 2019 or 2020 and transition to just keep production flat year - on - year , but just produce a significant amount of free cash flow that could be use either to apply it to the balance sheet or to pay some sort of variable dividend ? just try to get it thought on a potential shift in the strategy long term . William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah . and it think when it look at the 2019 plan , the context around it always need to be , first , invest within cash flow and then look to optimize value ; not invest outside of cash flow , but at what rate do it invest , do it , what do the commodity price look like , and as a public company , it have get to look at option like that . do it continue to drill at the pace it be ? do it slow back down ? do it put cash to pay further down it debt ? so it think it question have more than just those three option to it and it will look at all of it , too , as it put the plan together . Kashy Harrison - Piper Jaffray & Co. all right .  it . that be it for it . William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. the next question come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . please go ahead . John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  . this be John Abbott on for Doug Leggate . it look like it just hop on to another call . it first question relate to it Southwest Appalachia drill inventory at $ 2.75 ( 40:10 ) . it have about 875 location , it have say , in the wet and lean gas window . it have so far provide it with guidance for 2019 that lateral length could be 9,000 foot . when it think about those 875 location in Southwest Appalachia , assume it current run rate , how many year do it think that it can maintain that post-2019 ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. yeah , it think it be go to be the , it have be drill about , complete well for the full year . Southwest App in 2018 be somewhere around 70 well , something like that . so , 875 , if it go to 100 well a year , it mean that be seven , eight year . William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. of just that inventory , and then it have obviously the other two bench which it be explore and optimize ; through testing and so it balance that ( 41:19 ) opportunity as well . John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch so that be seven to eight year of 9,000-foot lateral in Southwest Appalachia , or be that 7,500 foot ? Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. well , that be why it put a range on it . it mean , if it be go to the long lateral , it be probably on the low end of that . John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Clayton a. Carrell - Southwestern Energy Co. and that will be it objective , be to figure out way to make it longer . John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch that be very helpful . and then also relate to Southwest Appalachia , it mean , a lot of that inventory be still related to the deep Utica at $ 2.75 ( 41:49 ) . it mean , it must have some sort of confidence around that inventory . when do it think it may be able to provide the street with a type curve ? William J. Way - Southwestern Energy Co. right now in the Utica , it be capture knowledge by datum trade and study information that it have be able to get to build a drilling program , it opportunity for a drilling program next year . and once it kind of land on what it know , what it need to find out , then it will put those well in a well plan . and once it be drill , it will get it do . and it have not do the well plan for next year yet , and it be digest a significant amount of datum that it have trade for to be able to further answer that question . but it be pretty positive about what it be see . it can see a pathway . it have to reduce well cost as well , and it be do some seismic work . so it need to do , complete the seismic work . and so it be a very methodical approach . the abundance of it inventory in the liquid - rich area of West Virginia provide great benefit to it while it study and learn this and the Upper Devonian as well . well ,  , everybody , for join it call today . as it can see from the result and all of the release it have have , it highly talented team continue to deliver impressive result , support it commitment to drive long - term shareholder value . it continue to unlock value from every part of this company . and as it reposition the company to deliver top quartile performance in the U.S. shale business , it be focus on it liquid rich investment opportunity go forward . 