as it have say in the past and just to remind it again , all of it comment be on a GAAP report basis , where Nick 's comment be mostly on a pro forma basis . sometimes , it do have minor difference in it explanation . as disclose in this morning 's press release , it first quarter sale be $ 587 million and 11 % great than the prior year . it organic sale be 3 % high than last year , drive by growth in commercial aftermarket and commercial OEM offset with a modest decline in GAAP defense sale . it first quarter gross profit be $ 321 million , an increase of 13 % over the prior year . the report gross profit margin of 54.7 % be one margin point high than the prior year . a decrease in non - operating acquisition relate cost versus the prior year contribute to the high report gross margin . margin in the current quarter be also negatively impact by approximately two margin point due to acquisition mix from Airborne and EME . in other word , exclude all acquisition activity , it gross profit margin in the remain business versus the prior year quarter improve approximately two margin point . the base business continue to expand margin as a result of the strength of it proprietary product and continually improve it cost structure . selling and administrative expense be 11.5 % of sale for the current quarter compare to 10.8 % in the prior year . the current quarter be run a little high than the prior period , primarily due to high run rate as a percent of sale from it recent acquisition . interest expense be $ 99 million , an increase of approximately $ 18 million or 23 % versus the prior - year quarter . this be a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $ 7.5 billion in the current quarter versus $ 5.7 million in the prior year . the high average debt year - over - year be primarily due to the amount borrow to fund the $ 25 per share special dividend pay in Q3 of last year . also , in conjunction with the dividend , it refinance $ 1.6 billion of exist note at a low interest rate . this refinancing help lower it weighted average cash interest rate to 5.1 % compare to 5.4 % to the prior year . it effective tax rate be 32.6 % in the current quarter compare to 33.6 % in the prior year . the low effective tax rate in the quarter be primarily due to the retroactive reinstatement of the r&d tax credit . it still expect it effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 33 % and it cash taxis to be approximately $ 180 million . it net income for the quarter increase $ 9.4 million or 11 % to $ 95.5 million , which be 16 % of sale . this compare to net income of $ 86.1 million in the prior year . the increase in net income primarily reflect the increase in net sale , the decrease in acquisition relate cost and amortization expense and a low effective tax rate . these item be offset with the high interest expense just discuss . GAAP earning per share be $ 1.63 per share in the current quarter compare to a $ 1.44 per share last year . the current earning per share growth of 13 % be high than net income growth due to lower weighted average share outstanding result from repurchase over 900,000 share last year and slightly low dividend equivalent payment make in the current year versus last year . it adjusted earning per share be $ 1.80 per share , an increase of 8 % compare to $ 1.66 per share last year . again , please reference table 3 in this morning 's press release , which compare and reconcile GAAP to adjust EPS . switch gear to cash and liquidity . it end the quarter with over $ 1 billion of cash on the balance sheet . the company 's net debt leverage ratio be 5.9 time it pro forma EBITDA as define in gross leverage be 6.8 time pro forma EBITDA . it still expect to generate $ 475 million of cash in the current year and expect it September 30 , 2015 year - end net leverage to be in the 5.2 time EBITDA as define or de - lever approximately one full turn on a net basis . before it hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A session , it would like to inform it that it will be file it q this upcoming Friday .  it , Greg . operator , it be now ready to open the line . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . the first question come from the line of Robert Stallard from the Royal Bank of Canada . go ahead , Robert . Robert Stallard  very much .  . Robert Stallard Nick , it be wonder if it could kickoff with it thought on the debt market here , whether it be see any opportunity to raise debt at more attractive rate than what it have see in recent history ? and then also it follow - on from that , it thought on deploy that as a special dividend ? yes . the debt market first . as it think it know , the recent history , the last round of financing it raise what be that ? nine month ago or something ? it be back in June . yes . it mean that be pretty darn attractive rate . it think those , particularly the bond , be sell actually at just a hair under par , which would tell it that the rate be very , very , very close to what it be now . that market get a little bumpy but it think it be reasonably stable now . so it think if it go out today , it could raise money today . it do not know what tomorrow would be , but it think if it go out today it could probably raise money at very comparable rate to what it do six or nine month ago . let it just presume that it have roughly the same leverage level . as far as capital deployment , it think it will address that as the year proceed . it have a fair amount of acquisition , it would say , activity it be work on and it probably will let it play out a little bit before it make a decision on capital allocation . Robert Stallard great and then as a follow up , it mention about some issue in the distribution channel in the aerospace aftermarket . it be wonder if it could elaborate on what it think may be go on there ? it think it probably get a little hold in term of the ordering at the end of last year . it know that it run 15 % and 18 % . it also move a few distributor around which may have influence it a little bit . it do not take a whole lot from that . but it just think it be worthwhile datum point to let people know . Robert Stallard okay . that be great .  so much .  it . the next question come from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Co. go ahead . yes .  it .  . it just want to ask if it could elaborate on the defense booking comment . it mention the two parachute order and what be the trend if it x that out ? be it a book - to - bill of around one ? or any comment there ? it do not remember the book . there be a couple of thing . if it want to normalize it , if it go into the previous first quarter , it have some of those big tarian shipment , if it remember it . so it almost have to normalize it both out and it do not think if it normalize both of those , it do not think the organic growth be that much different , whether it put it in or take it out on sale , on revenue . on the booking , the big difference be if it may or may not recall , the first quarter of last year , thing look pretty ugly in the parachute business . but that have really start the book up . it have get some quite big order drop in . it have some more just cook away . so that business be whereas it be a bit concerned six month into it , it be start to feel significantly well now about it . it hope that answer [ ph ] it question . so it think when it normalize the revenue , the answer do not change a whole lot . if it normalize it for thing in both quarter . okay and could it give it -- it mention this pipeline of opportunity be active in the M&A pipeline ? Can it give it some sense for what kind of thing it be see international versus domestic whether it be see more in defense or commercial and relative size ? any way to kind of ? it would say , the size be roughly comparable to what it have see before , though it have to say it have see a few of little more sizable . it do not mean in the $ 3 billion , $ 4 billion range , but a little more sizable . if it pull those couple out , the rest be more in the normal kind of thing it see . it clearly continue to see more european activity than it have in the past . and it would say most of what it be look at , not all but most , be commercial rather military . okay and be most of these private ? or be it -- Range , the usual range of suspect . private , strategic and PE okay .  a lot . it will get back in the queue .  it . the next question come from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse . go ahead . Unidentified Analyst hi ,  . this be actually Joe , on for Rob .  for take the question . Nick , it want to ask on BizJet OE and recognize it be a small part of commercial OE but what be drive that big uptick in BizJet OE ? be there any particular platform where it be see that strength ? first of all , it be pretty broadly distribute across the platform . it would not draw much from that , other than it be just time . it know , as everybody know , the big , more expensive one be do a little well than the lower price one and it be reasonably represent in that . but it do not mean to imply anything as far as the production rate forecast for business jet OEM . it think it be just time , just when the shipment happen to fall . Unidentified Analyst okay . got it . that be very helpful .  it . it will jump back in the queue .  it . the next question come from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs . go ahead , Noah . hi .  , everyone . it wonder if it could maybe help it out with how aftermarket average something great than 10 % the rest of the year to get to it full - year guidance , just because the quarter at 5 % and it seem like end market condition be reasonably strong in the quarter . it know it point out the distributor item but even if it adjust for that . yes . that be not a lot . not a lot . so help it out with what change in that growth rate through the rest of the year ? it believe , Noah , that be a leading question . it believe to make it through the year , it will have to see pickup in the back - half of the year , to state the obvious . so what change in the actual end market ? because the comp get more difficult . it do not seem like traffic would accelerate . it seem like it would almost have to be count on airline inventory restocking or some defer maintenance open up or something else idiosyncratic to the company . it would say , as it say , if it look at the balance of the year , if it have a handy cap or guidance , it be go to take it guidance on EBITDA , which all of it know be the bps guidance too , it would say there be probably some uncertainty around the commercial aftermarket . clearly , it have to pickup in the second half of the year . it be sort of halfway through the year last year with the same concern and then in the last six month it get pretty strong . it be not prepared at this point to say that the number it have be use be not good . it think there be some reasonable chance . but it clearly be a little bit of a stretch each quarter that go by . on the other hand it think the defense , it probably could be conservative and it think it could be a little conservative on the margin . so sort of like the put it all in the stew , it look to it like there be probably a little more up and down at this point in the guidance . but it can not tell it it be absolutely sure about one segment versus the other , but hopefully it have get the sense . okay and then maybe follow on that , Nick , it wonder if it may provide it view on what it think low oil mean for the industry ? it would seem like that could potentially help the aftermarket , but it sound like other be say , at least , that it be not quite yet ? and it seem like it could potentially stretch out the replacement decision for an airline . anything it be already hear and see or anything it think could happen as a result ? it think , Noah , probably the same thing it hear and see and surmise . first it would say , it think the oil price have to stay down for a long period of time to change anyone 's behavior substantively . it have get to work out through the hedge or buy it out or something . and it do not think this be enough time to change people 's think pattern or behavior pattern . now if it do , there be two school of thought . as it know , on the one hand , if it fly all plane all the plane longer , that be well for the aftermarket . if it pull it out of the desert or if it keep fly it more hour , which it would tend to do , if it have low price , that be good . on the other hand , it will say , historically if fuel price go down , then the airline get profitable . right or wrong , historically , when it make money , it start buy new airplane . so that be sort of the counterbalance . at this point , it do not know how to call that , other than to say , it be something it have get to watch closely . but it suspect it take a long period of time for anyone to change it thought pattern . so it have not actually yet see any real behavioral change ? no . it have not . okay . all right .  it .  it . the next question come from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank . go ahead , sir . yes . hi . this be actually Lou , on for Myles . how be it guy do ? just a quick question . the cash flow be very strong in the quarter . anything in particular to drive that ? it be not usually the strong quarter . it be right . in the first quarter , first it quarter effectively end December 25 and it do not have any principal and pay almost no income taxis . so it be time . that be why in it comment , it say it still expect to get the same amount by the end of the year because it have little bit of outflow for those payment in the second quarter . it know it look like work capital be a boost as well ? well , it do not know what it mean when it say a boost . Can it expand on that ? it be $ 65 million . prior year it be more of a use of cash . okay . well , when it look at the working capital , when it look at operating , it look more at it dso and it inventory turn and it be well behave versus it expectation . sometimes when it look at the GAAP number it can get distort with some acquisition account . the big number , Greg , be the timing . so it do not have an interest payment there . that be right . there be a cutoff of it . perfect .  it .  it . the next question come from the line of Ken Herbert from Canaccord . go ahead , Ken . hi .  . it want to first ask about Airborne and EME . it be be over a year for Airborne and almost a year for EME . be these follow sort of a trajectory in term of margin improvement as it expect ? or be it maybe a little slow than expect , consider still sort of a two point of gross margin impact it see from acquisition ? do it get it ? it be all the related expense , but how be these track relative to it expectation ? let it deal with it in two piece . airborne first . as it probably know , for the first year of ownership , Airborne be , frankly the revenue and booking be low than it expect and concurrently the EBITDA be little low . however in 2015 , it be start off well . it present expectation be that for this year , it will be at or above it expectation at the time it buy it . it remind it that both Airborne and EME , as it say when it buy it , it sort of have to buy these right . these be not business that be go to get the typical TransDigm margin . it will move up . and it be move up , but it will not get to those kind of margin . it buy it at substantially below the margin it typically buy thing . but it see plenty value there . EME be again move up . it buy that at a sub-20 or significantly kind of ebitda margin . that is move up reasonably nicely . again it will never get up to full year 50 % , but it be move up significantly . it be a small business . so it be never go to move the average much . dollar wise , it be also go to be impact by the exchange rate situation . it be a Euro business . so the actually dollar have be knock down on the conversion , though the margin be move up reasonably well . okay . that be helpful . that be never go to move anything . that be never go to move anything . yes . it be a small deal . it guess , with EME in particular , be obviously base in Europe and in Germany , in particular , currency risk aside , because who know about that , but have it experience with that acquisition change it appetite at all for european transaction ? maybe it open it up a little bit ? or be there anything it could infer from just it experience now almost a year in with EME that may alter it thinking as it review European -- it feel okay about that . it think it feel okay about it . it see acquisition with the right value proposition . it feel fine about it . it would remind it , it have a business in Belgium . it have a business in Germany now . it have a couple of business in U.K. that be operate . so it have , it would say in general , not 100 % , but mostly it experience have be positive . okay . that be good . and then just finally , just to follow up on the commercial aftermarket discussion . to it comment , Nick , that in an environment like this when the airline have well visibility on profit , it be maybe not see utilization change in term of the old aircraft or pull it out of the desert or anything . but do it willingness to spend on new aircraft translate to the aftermarket environment either in term of , maybe it may take a different approach , the airline , different approach to it own working capital , it own inventory level , it safety stock , et cetera ? do it expect , perhaps , to see that as it go through the year , assume ongoing low crude price ? typically , it have . typically that be what happen , as it know . when it start to be profitable and it get money , it start buy more . start buy more everything , airplane , part , everything . it can not say it have see it yet , but that would be a not atypical pattern . as it say before , it do not think this situation of these low significant drop in fuel price have be in there long enough that it be change people 's behavior yet . okay . all right . it appreciate it .  it very much .  it . the next question come from Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc . go ahead , sir . Michael Ciarmoli hi .  , guy .  for take it question . Nick , maybe just back on defense . it clearly sound like it have get some , the order it be wait for on the airborne side and it be just curious , be it guy expect those order to come in when it lay out it initial guidance ? it know it talk , maybe there be potential upside to defense this year , but it be try to get a sense of whether or not the airborne order flow be bake into this year 's outlook . it definitely have an increase in this year 's outlook for Airborne . it expect a pickup . Michael Ciarmoli and at least first , one quarter end , it be look quite strong and the pipeline look strong . Michael Ciarmoli it do not want to start to pull out it full year 's guidance between operating unit , but it surely make it feel well rather than bad . Michael Ciarmoli sure and then what about just broad commentary about it remain traditional military aftermarket activity ? be it see any movement there ? it know there be some other company expect aftermarket to begin pick up here . be it see any change in purchase pattern from the DoD or any discernible trend ? it honestly can not say it have . it also be get a little resistant to predict this . the only thing it can say with certainty be every time it try it , it be wrong . by the way , it be on a little on the upside ,  God , but it can not say . it be mixed . if it look across it operating unit , it be mixed . Michael Ciarmoli it do not know that it can give it a clear pattern or region for that . other than in the parachute business , it know it have some big international order [ indiscernible ] . Michael Ciarmoli okay . that be fair and last one . it do not know if it have color on this , but now that the A350 have be deliver , any kind of change in the view there on initial provisioning ? it know there probably be not too many airline get that platform this year , but any color on that ? Could that be additive to this year or be that more go to be a -- yes , Michael , it be not figure on any . Could it be ? yes , yes , maybe . Michael Ciarmoli but it be not figure it in it guidance or number . it be not figure . Michael Ciarmoli okay . perfect . that be all it have .  , guy .  it . the next question come from Joe Nadol from JPMorgan . go ahead , Joe . hi .  .  , Joe . it have a question . it mention that it do not buy back any stock in the quarter and the last few quarter it have be buy back some stock . what cause it to hold back in the quarter ? what cause it ? it do not know anything particular . it sort of buy up what it plan to buy up and it reauthorize more , but it just decide not to do it . it do not know that there be -- it would not take too much out of that . but it buy quite about 900,000 or so share . 