many of it comment will reference the supplemental schedule that be available on it website for this call . begin with the fourth slide . first quarter worldwide net sale increase 9 % year - over - year to $ 6.7 billion , drive by strong demand and solid execution by it team in both region . the strengthening of certain foreign currency against U.S. dollar , positively impact the year - over - year sale comparison by approximately three percentage point . look into the sale by region , turn to slide 5 . in the Americas first quarter net sale be $ 2.5 billion , an increase of 8 % from the prior year with strong growth across the region . growth in the U.S. be fuel by strength in SMB end market with the education , federal and healthcare vertical sector , all post strong double - digit sale growth . Latin America grow by double digit and Canada post it good ever year - over - year growth in local currency , due to strong execution and market share gain . by product , the Americas region growth be drive by strong sale of broadline product , mainly in pc and good performance in it advanced infrastructure solution AIS division . turn now to Europe on Slide six and seven , it european region first quarter net sale be $ 4.3 billion , an increase of 10 % U.S. dollar and 5 % euro from the prior year , due to strong demand environment . the majority of it trade region post year - over - year growth with Italy , Iberia , Benelux and Germany all post strong double - digit sale improvement , partially offset by a decline in the U.K. at product level , it european broadline business also perform well in Q1 , with continued strength in pc and mobility , as well as strong growth in software . turn now to it gross margin performance on Slide 8 , worldwide gross margin during the first quarter be 4.98 % , compare to 5.24 % in the prior year quarter and consistent with Q4 's gross margin of 4.99 % . the year - over - year decline be due primarily to high sale of pc , software and mobility product , consistent with the past few quarter . turn to slide 9 for the review of it SG&A expense . non - GAAP SG&A expense for the first quarter , which exclude acquisition relate intangible and amortization expense of $ 7.4 million , or $ 284.2 million or 4.22 % of net sale , compare to $ 276.1 million , or 4.49 % of net sale in the prior year quarter . the increase in non - GAAP SG&A from the prior year quarter be primarily due to the strengthening of certain foreign currency against the U.S. dollar . as a percent of sale , the year - over - year improvement of 27 basis point in Q1 be attributable to operate leverage result from high sale in both region . slide 10 through 12 summarize it worldwide and regional operating income for the fourth quarter -- for the first quarter . worldwide non - gaap operating income in Q1 grow 11 % to $ 51.2 million . non - GAAP operating margin be 76 basis point compare to 75 basis point of net sale in the prior year quarter . on a regional basis , the Americas first quarter non - gaap operating income be $ 29.3 million , or 1.18 % of net sale , compare to $ 29 million , or 1.26 % of net sale in the prior year quarter . the year - over - year decrease in operate margin be primarily attributable to a year - over - year decline in gross margin . in Europe non - gaap operating income in Q1 increase 17 % year - over - year to $ 23.8 million . operate margin be 0.56 % of net sale , an improvement of three basis point from the prior year quarter . the year - over - year improvement in operate income be due primarily to the leverage from increase sale and good expense management . stock compensation expense be $ 2 million compare to $ 3.1 million in the prior year quarter . it expect stock com expense to be approximately $ 4.2 million per quarter for the remainder of fiscal 2015 . interest expense for the first quarter be $ 6.8 million , compare to $ 7.1 million in the prior year quarter . exclude it non - gaap adjustment , it non - gaap effective tax rate in Q1 be 37.1 % compare to 39 % in the prior year first quarter . as it note in previous quarter , quarterly effective tax rate may vary significantly depend on the actual operating result in it various tax jurisdiction . turn to net income and EPS on slide 13 . non - gaap net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 be $ 27.7 million , or $ 0.72 per diluted share , base on $ 38.3 million weighted average diluted share outstanding . turn now to some balance sheet and other highlight , start on Slide 14 . it cash conversion cycle in Q1 improve four day to 21 day from the prior year , primarily due to improve payable management during the quarter . net cash provide by operation in the first quarter be $ 95 million . it exit the quarter with cash position of $ 676 million . it total debt balance at the end of the quarter , be $ 404 million and it end the quarter with a total debt - to - capital ratio of 16 % . fund available for use under it credit facility be approximately $ 844 million at the end of the quarter . accumulate other comprehensive income , which consist of currency translation net of applicable taxis be $ 371 million at the end of Q4 . at April 30 , 2014 , the company have approximately $ 2.2 billion of equity and 38.2 million share outstanding , result in a book value of approximately $ 56 per share . it have approximately $ 399 million of goodwill on acquire intangible , result in tangible book value of approximately $ 46 per share . capital expenditure be $ 4.2 million in Q1 . for fiscal 2015 , it expect capital expenditure of approximately $ 40 million . depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter be $ 18.2 million and it earn return on invest capital on a non - gaap basis for the trail 12-month period of 10 % . now , look at it customer and product mix for the 12 month end April 30 , 2014 , on Slide 17 , it estimate the breakdown of it customer segment as a percentage of net sale to be var 49 % , direct marketer and retailer 28 % , and corporate reseller 23 % . in term of product mix , it estimate broadline product represent 46 % of it net sale , datum center product 23 % , software 18 % , mobility 9 % , and consumer electronic 4 % . in the first quarter , it have two vendor that represent more than 10 % of it net sale . HP represent 22 % of it net sale in the first quarter , while Apple represent 12 % of it Q1 sale . turn now to it business outlook . as it indicate on it recent call , it begin the year expect an earning improvement on a non - gaap basis would occur in the second half of fiscal year due to the size of it european operation and the operate expense leverage achieve in Q4 . however in Q1 , with 9 % non - gaap EPS growth , it exceed it internal plan . it continue to be cautiously optimistic that recent demand trend will continue in both region , result in additional operating leverage in Q2 . for the second quarter of fiscal 2015 , it expect low - to - mid single digit year - over - year sale growth in the Americas and Europe in euros and it expect gross margin percentage to be in line with recent level . also for the quarter , it expect non - gaap effective tax rate of 35 % to 37 % and it expect the average U.S. dollar to euro currency exchange rate to be $ 1.36 to € 1 . for fiscal 2015 , it expect a non - gaap effective tax rate to be 31 % to 33 % . it will now turn the call back over to Bob for few additional comment .  , Jeff . as it enter the second quarter of it [ 40 ] ( ph ) year - in business , it be pleased with the progress it make in Q1 , add new product and vendor to it line card , as well as new capability to it increasingly diverse set of offering . it performance over the last two quarter prove that it have the right strategy in place and it be make the necessary investment to meet the demand of an ever change it landscape . it investment in the cloud , the software eco system , mobility and integrate supply chain service , have enable it to respond to market change and have strengthen the value it bring to both it vendor and it customer . it be focus on leverage these investment to further advance it business . as it state earlier and in it last call , fiscal 2015 be an operational and market focus year for Tech Data . in support of this , it continuously bring on new product , vendor and value add service and it target vertical segment , such as healthcare and public sector and multimedia as well as it traditional focus in SMB to capture high growth opportunity , strengthen it value proposition and improve it overall profitability and return . an example of this strategy and action be it recently announce agreement to distribute the Google Chromebook Management Console in the U.S. as part of the agreement , it will provide enable service to both the public and private sector , along with presale consultation , deployment service and end user technical support . it education team with a robust offering of service , include grant and contract writing , will provide critical end user support , with the goal of enhance Google Chromebook deployment in the public sector . this highlight it ability to successfully emerge it core strength with new and exciting value add service , while strengthen it value proposition to it vendor partner and reseller customer . by leverage it global IT platform and it strong logistic capability , it continue to add new customer in it integrate supply chain business . in the U.S. this month it enter into a new distribution and integrate supply chain supply agreement with Imagine Communications . it market share leader of software and video infrastructure solution , serve a global broadcast service provider and enterprise market . as part of this agreement Tech Data 's integrate supply chain service team will provide streamline logistic , inventory planning and back office support , along with direct fulfilment to several other imagine current reseller partner . the relationship also allow Tech Data reseller to access -- access to the entire Imagine Communications product and service portfolio of over 3,000 broadcasting it , cloud , digital signage and tv everywhere innovation . it be the unique offering that combine it service and vertical focus strategy , in this case multimedia to optimize the supply chain and provide incremental growth opportunity for it vendor partner , reseller customer and for Tech Data . another example of Tech Data use it strategic position in the supply chain to create a unique and compelling value proposition for it vendor partner and reseller customer be it recent agreement with SquareTrade , a lead mobile protection plan company to offer end to end mobile insurance program throughout Europe . combine Tech Data 's mobile -- Tech Data mobile 's pan - european infrastructure , resource , and extensive mobile market knowledge with SquareTrade 's expertise in quality device protection , it be able to offer mobile consumer a simple reliable way to ensure mobile device and to create a seamless experience for reseller and end user . this fee - for - service business demonstrate it move up the value chain as it continue to expand upon it european mobility offering . and finally , another area it be invest in and heavily focus on be it innovative TDCloud platform . during the quarter , it expand it relationship with VMware in the United States to offer disaster recovery as a service . offer to it StreamOne platform , this unique value add service extend disaster recovery and protection coverage to any business or mission critical application run in a VMware virtual environment . this addition along with a number of other new cloud offering add to it line card in Q1 , highlight it continue commitment to provide the good and most comprehensive cloud offering in the IT channel . it focus on operation and the marketplace play a key role in deliver it balanced Q1 result . it will continue the sharp focus throughout fiscal 2015 . it be encourage by the improve demand trend in both region and please with the trajectory of it business over the last few quarter . it believe the momentum it be build be critical to a strong second half performance and position it well for fiscal 2016 and for the long term . it would like to extend it  to it vendor and customer for it business and it partnership and to it Tech Data colleague for it continued hard work and dedication . with that , it will now open the call up to it question . question - and - answer session  it . lady and gentleman , it will now begin the question - and - answer session . ( Operator Instructions )  it . it first question be come from the line of Ben Reitzes with Barclays . please proceed with it question . Ben Reitzes - Barclays hey guy ,  . want to ask about -- it say improve demand trend across the two major region ? Could it just elaborate a little more on pc ? have it see any tail - off actually into this quarter or do it expect pc to be a big driver for the entire year and then it have a follow - up ?  . Ben , it Bob . it think the uptick in pc be drive around two fundamental . the first be expiration of Microsoft XP support , which the reality strike the market over the last couple of quarter that this time in fact Microsoft would go through with that end of service and base on where the technology be in many case it be easy for the customer to buy a whole new pc than to upgrade it exist pc . so that demand be play it out and it be realize -- it be realize benefit from that as well as it believe that there be just a pen - up demand in the pc marketplace . it see the performance of the major pc vendor over the last handful of quarter be down . eventually that technology need to be replace and so those two factor XP and the age of the install base it think be the thing that be drive pc performance and it think that there be still some leg to both of those throughout the rest of this year . Ben Reitzes - Barclays okay . great . and then it mention Chromebooks , it check be show that in education it be even take share from some the tablet and how material be that -- how material be that to it guidance in the current quarter or be that just a nice - to - have kind of thing . it mention education be particularly strong in the quarter and it be just wonder what the driver be in that vertical maybe chromebook and even beyond ? yeah , it think it call out the chromebook example because it think it highlight it ability to quickly pivot to technology and segment that be exhibit momentum . the Chromebook it would say , get off to a slow start back a year or so ago , but over the last year , the last few quarter in particular with the improvement in the infrastructure , with the management console that it be now distribute , the chromebook become a viable platform . and in particular , in the education segment in k through twelve , it be cheap to manage a fleet of chromebook than it may be to manage a fleet of traditional pc and so education be focus on that . it help it educational lead focus bar drive those product into the marketplace and it therefore realize the growth , both growth in chromebook and growth in the education segment . again , the reason it call it out Ben be it think it highlight it ability to find these hot spot in the market and move it model there very quickly and efficiently . Ben Reitzes - Barclays okay . just clarify it guidance with thing get well in the second half in term of margin and leverage , how much of that be a function of price versus maybe price later in the year versus it own leverage on SG&A and other thing it be do ? Ben , this be Jeff . it think pricing environment have be pretty consistent for it product mix over the last four or five quarter . so it think it continue to blend the business at high end product and low margin product and for five quarter in a row , the average have be right in the same spot and so current trend , current demand , current product mix , current customer mix , it be pretty much business as usual . Ben Reitzes - Barclays okay .  a lot .  it . the next question come from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel . please proceed with it question . Matt Sheerin - Stifel yes ,  and  , guy . just question on the OpEx and on the leverage go forward , it be a little surprised to see SG&A up sequentially , could it just give some more color behind that ? be there some incremental investment ? it have talk a lot about invest in thing like integrate supply chain , datum center service etcetera . be that part of it and be that sort of investment go into the back half of the year when it would expect SG&A leverage ? actually the increase in dollar be both currency relate . the actual spend in local constant currency be flat with the recent quarter and that in line with the year ago quarter and it increase the leverage in the current quarter to just under 4.2 % as a percent of sale versus a non - gaap basis like [ 4.44 ] ( ph ) whatever be last year , so 25 basis point improvement . so within it there be as it indicate previously exchange of expense where it be invest in less in area that require less or have less potential for growth or it can automate and convert those dollar into investment in area that it be grow the business whether it be service or high end area of product wherever it require , but the SG&A be in line with it expectation and it obtain more leverage out of it and expect in Q1 because of the sale be slightly ahead of it expectation in both region . Matt Sheerin - Stifel okay . and look into next quarter , it sound like sort of mid single digit growth in revenue be go to be flat to maybe down slightly and would it expect SG&A to remain in the range from last quarter as well ? yes , the guidance it give on revenue be low - to - mid single digit and constant currency . so however it interpret that and yes , that could lead to a sequential decline in sale , which be not necessarily abnormal , especially because of the size of Europe . it be not equivalent to the prior year because as it remember , it sale be down so dramatically in the U.S. in Q1 last year , down 8 % or something like that off the top of it head . and it expect to -- and it hope that , that sale will allow it to get some leverage relate to the seasonality of some of the expense and the variability of some of the expenses/ Matt Sheerin - Stifel got it . and just a question on the mix and gross margin , it know Bob it have talk a lot about invest in area like service , logistic , datum center , but it also have thing like chromebook , which it imagine be kind of a low margin hardware business , although there be value add thing certainly to wrap around that for var , but as it think about mix and in area of growth in the next few quarter , do it think it will be able to move the needle in term of gross margin on mix and other initiative . this be Jeff . it will answer that . it be pretty clear in it release say that the margin be expect to be relatively consistent with the prior recent result . the good news be it have growth in those two end of the spectrum and the blending of those two be give it this average gross margin , which by the way with this gross margin it grow sale , 9 % and grow every other non - gaap operating income metric by 9 % to 11 % . so it be work very well and it goal be to reestablish the market share in both region that it have miss some share in compound on that and it miss the share because of the decline in the european business last year and then prior to that , the final module of SAP . so there be always thing , rest assure , it have a long list of thing that it hope to do well in both region , but produce 9 % and 10 % growth number from the top to the bottom line of the P&L it think be fairly strong , on top of that , generate almost a $ 100 million of operate cash and the return on invest capital of 10 % when it cost of capital be 8 % to 9 % . so the plan be still the same . allocate resource to the right area , to the growth area , remove it from the area that be not as attractive to it , leverage SG&A by grow it sale throughout fiscal 2015 and into 2016 and hit the right spot , but the diversification of portfolio be what be allow it to achieve these result . Matt Sheerin - Stifel okay . fair enough .  a lot , Jeff .  it . the next question come from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James . please proceed with it question . Brian Alexander - Raymond James yes just to follow - up on Matt 's question relate to operating leverage , it be just curious why do not it see any leverage in the Americas ? revenue grow 8 % , which be fast than it expect , it think it expect it to be mid single digit . it talk about pricing be relatively stable in term of gross margin and the expense it do not think come in high than it anticipate . so when it look at the operate margin of 1.2 % , it be down year - over - year , it well below where it have operate historically and it well below it peer group . so it be just try to understand why it be not see more leverage in the Americas specifically ? yeah , it be clearly as it indicate on the gross margin explanation , the decline in the gross margin on a year - over - year basis , the impact on the Americas business by hold those cost , it believe consistent and the sale growth versus the margin decline result in some short term contraction and the operate income percentage and the lack of growth in operate income dollar . yet it european team in the same quarter generate a 17 % or whatever it be , improvement in operate income dollar and quite frankly it have more room for improvement and if it recall it focus in the Americas be it obsession with customer service as well as high end service , service in it AIS division and really improve that piece of it business , the quantification of that improvement . it do not have the number in front of it Brian , but last fiscal year , it grow that business like 16 % , 18 % in the Americas and it continue to be a strong piece of the portfolio . so it be all about service and it be all about continue to grow and in leverage it exist cost base and the reallocation of the dollar to the most -- in it view , most beneficial place versus some other methodology . Brian Alexander - Raymond James sorry to interrupt . Brian Alexander - Raymond James if it look at some of it competitor that be operate close to 2 % or even above 2 % in the Americas , be there anything structural that would prevent it from get there over the next couple of year if it be able to grow in line to slightly faster than the market ? it be just try to understand the leverage opportunity in the Americas and how specifically it can improve profitability to level where it have be in the past and close the gap versus it peer group ? yes . no , first of all , let it talk about the total result of the company , Brian and look at the return on capital compare to the cost of capital in that peer group . it think it be at the top on the return on capital . so the most important metric that an analyst describe to it a while ago be the return on capital and the creation of value . and whether it have a 2 % operating margin or 1 % of 1.5 % , the important result be what be the return to the shareholder be on that operating result . so it would put it result at the top of the heap on create the value and the return on capital and the fact that Tech Data potentially compare to it peer know that it have a lot of room for operational improvement by grow it business and reallocate it resource . so it be not look for way to potentially fix something as optimize . it be look to grow into optimization and if it look back in FY'14 and behind , it be do significant IT integration of acquire entity who be finalize the SAP system in the Americas , all thing that it be build and compound on that . so the answer be no . it aspiration be not to get back to a 2 % . it could get there within a few quarter if it want to by the combination of deploy more capital and reduce it return on invest capital . other have design a model to have more cash invest in it business and by utilize that -- allow it customer to utilize it cash , it can generate a high operating income . it have not choose that path . it have a midpoint in that path of allow the interaction of the vendor and the customer utilize it capital and generate a return on capital that be one to two point above it cost of capital and it be not optimize . it be not do yet . Brian Alexander - Raymond James just final one for it . it appreciate all that Jeff . it guy have build up a nice cash balance once again , solid net cash position and it be just wonder what be hold it back from buy back stock ? it be trade barely above book value . it understand this be a year or focus on execution , but it think Tech Data be always a company that be focus on execution and it do not understand why that goal be mutually exclusive from return cash to shareholder ,  ? it and it Board will consider the timing of that . it be also in the midst of some housekeeping because of the situation that it go through with the restatement and have a strong goal to remediate the identify material weakness and in conjunction with that , make sure it return with positive outlook with it rating agency and so clearly with it cash position , it availability and it performance , it have more flexibility . but as it say when it open the call , it do better than it expect this quarter , may be not compare to some analyst expectation , but it take that into consideration and the dynamic of the market . the market have now show a two or three quarter return to growth in both region . so it be try to make sure that be sustainable . it start Q1 last year in Europe with a much well feeling about the european economy and demand and then it change dramatically in quarter two and three on it . so it be very cautiously manage company conservative . it be look at it . it will consider it , it Board will consider it and it know that it have use it as a very good tool of return have acquire 41 % it issue share , probably the most aggressive in it history , it be clearly an alternative for it Board to consider in the future quarter . Brian Alexander - Raymond James okay . it appreciate it .  Jeff .  it . the next question come from the line Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs . please proceed with it question . Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs okay .  it . look at the demand pattern outside of the strength it mention in pc and education , can it give it some color on area that may still represent pocket of weakness and whether it see that improve as it progress through the year as well ? yeah , it think it will just be the inverse if it do not bring it up . it be not a highlight . the whole desktop , notebook , mobility and storage story continue as it exit Q4 and into Q1 and other peripheral type product be do okay because clearly it would not have the cumulative growth of 9 % or 6 % in constant currency without good demand across other sector . but rest assure , it business in general be strong . it can see that by the consistency of the product breakdown that it provide on a worldwide basis , on a rolling 12-month basis . so there be not one area of the business that be drop off the cliff . clearly , consumer be the small piece of it business . that 4 % or 5 % of it business have be the weak for a couple three year now . but the other three major category continue to be about the same percentage of it business and within the broad line pool , it vendor and it report result for the most recent quarter probably give it well color on each and every one of those area of the business than it call out one particular area . Bill , it think it will give it one other datum point that kind of tie back to Brian 's early question as well . in the quarter , software , which represent 18 % of it revenue , have a strong quarter . but keep in mind software , because of it less opportunity add value in the licensing of software , do not drive the same gross margin or operating income , but it be very efficient from a return on invest capital perspective . so a strong software quarter like it have in the quarter it just announce may pull back it operating income some , but enhance it return on invest capital and so that mix of product and the available operating income and the available return on invest capital metric be all the thing that it mix throughout the quarter . and it choose to focus on some area . it choose to deselect other area where ether the return on invest capital be not right or the operating income be not right and it mix all of that generate by $ 6.7 billion in sale to deliver the bottom line improvement that it describe that be double digit virtually across the Board . Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs okay . that be helpful .  it . on OpEx if it could , it understand that despite the good news in term of demand pattern across the region , it still have to consider some of the uncertainty . so if it look at that and consider the possibility that growth do not continue to improve , would it say on OpEx , it have a clear path for incremental net reduction give the cost optimization activity it have do , particularly in the near term ? that be not it goal . it goal be to specifically analyze it cost and to make sure it reallocate it cost to the growth area of the business , the growth region , the growth country , the growth product area , the growth customer focus and to continue to leverage it cost structure through fiscal 2015 and into 2016 . it do not mean that if demand change dramatically , it would not have to implement some type of incremental program , but it be always work on optimization . it be not in the position , nor do it believe it be in the need of do some type of a wide spread reorganization that will reduce it customer and vendor focus . Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs okay .  it .  it . the next question be come from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup . please proceed with it question . Jim Suva - Citigroup  it very much . on it commentary it believe it say gross margin it expect to remain relatively consistent , yet in the prepared remark it also mention , gross margin be also pressure by strong than normal pc drive by Windows XP expiration and pen - up demand . so it guess can it help it better understand or connect why gross margin would not improve go forward or be it say that it expect this full pen - up demand and Windows XP to continue at the rate that it be because it would expect that some of it could cater off and therefore see a gross margin boost or benefit go forward . well certainly that could be the answer , but there be also as Bob just indicate , it be grow software very rapidly in some country . mobility , very strong and hence that be in device , smartphone and otherwise . so it be the blended mix and if it look at what it believe it will be sell in the foreseeable future , it do not see any dramatic change in the mix that would create a significant change in the gross margin opportunity . clearly , on $ 6 , $ 7 , $ 8 billion a quarter , it can not accurately take it within five basis point . it work hard to analyze it , plan it , model it , but if one area take off , if there be strong demand in line , if there be product available , if there be issue in another , there be a lot of driver in the quarter like our . but it get to history as a predictor and the average over the last five , four - five quarter have be in this 5 % range plus or minus . so it mean that be what it believe will be the most appropriate to model it business internally at in the near term and then it get back to the question of if it can continue to create leverage , make money and produce good growth in operate income and dollar with the right return on capital employ , why would not it continue to sell into that average price point versus contracting sale and generate a high average that then may put the total dollar available no more no less and create no more incremental value . so it be quite a simultaneous equation that it go through on a continuous basis and it start with just the basic what the market want to consume this quarter and this year and it work it way into that . so could happen , but that be not what it be plan internally . Jim Suva - Citigroup great . as a follow - up , can it give it any insight it may have thus far like in the month of May for demand trend . it sound like it say it be kind of continue and specifically within that commentary , can it let it know about the expiration of Windows XP ? be that pen - up demand still continue through the month of May or be it start to soften or too early to tell ? it would give monthly guidance . it just indicate for the quarter , it anticipate grow in the low to mid single digit in constant currency , monthly trend , positive or negative need a lot of incremental information to properly to use that information . so it be quarterly base . Jim Suva - Citigroup right . it know . the only reason why it be ask about the month of May be because it have this big event of Windows XP expiration and -- but just try to get a little bit of flavor do it see any change from say post it quarter close of that ? it think of the xp as a rollout as oppose to an event . if it be business that have thousand of pc it be not go to change it all in one day or one week or one month , it be a rollout . and so the xp rollout be take place and the xp replacement be take place . it be go to take some quarter to play out completely . Jim Suva - Citigroup  it very much guy .  it . the next question be come from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital . please proceed with it question . Ananda Baruah - Brean capital hi ,  guy for take the question . it guess a couple for it if it could , Jeff , regard the Group 's SG&A , should it take kind of it comment that these current level that call it kind of [ 275 , 280 ] ( ph ) in constant currency or where it guy want to be over the next couple of year , though 2016 , it think it say order of magnitude , when it say that it want to optimize the current cost structure ? it think that be a inappropriate way to look at it . it goal internally be to do a continuous deep dive and try and optimize , automate make more efficient consolidate any process or procedure and then reallocate , reallocate cost that it can optimize to the growth area and support it business . unfortunately with a thin margin business , it have more opportunity than it have the -- what it think would be the prudent ability to spend . it could spend a lot quicker , yet in many area , it be a multi quarter payback and so in the past , whereas last year to this year or in the future , it moderate that reallocation and quite frankly internally sometimes it can be quite contentious of why do not it just spend more money here because within two to four to six quarter , the payback would be quite significant . well , it know it have it responsibility quarter by quarter . so it be go to be a reallocation . it be go to continue to control it expense . it commentary be in line with it expectation of how it be go to manage expense . Ananda Baruah - Brean capital got it . that be very helpful . and it guess as it look at it , be there a long term operate model in any context that it guy be in a position to share with it just so it can get a sense of three year down the road what it think the business will look like ? no , it would turn it upside down and say it goal be to improve it return on capital to where it be a couple of year ago add a couple more point to that and so the metric to get there , whether it be high growth on the topline or fast expansion of the operate income percentage be what will determine quarter by quarter and year by year . but it do not have a stated objective to turn the operate income percentage to this in the quarter externally because there may be a well path to improve shareholder return than to hit that specific objective . all that be say , as it have say several time in the prepared and response remark , it do not believe it be optimize . it do not believe that this be close to the end game . it be not optimize and then try to figure out how to remain optimized . it be efficient and it believe that it be go to be able to grow it into more leverage by the reallocation process that it be go through the change in the product mix and the market provide it with the opportunity for reasonable topline growth and it believe that operate margin expansion be available to it in both deal . the pace be the thing that it be not commit to at this point . it want to do it correctly and methodically over the next two fiscal year . Ananda Baruah - Brean capital got it . that be very helpful . it appreciate it .  a lot . Ananda , if it think about -- listen to how many time in it prepared comment it talk about value and service , value ad , each one of those value imply that it be spend SG&A dollar differently than how it have historically . and so with the power of it IT system , it be able to get efficiency in the low value ad area and in the high value ad area , that imply it be add different skill , different human capital and in many case , a different cost structure around those . those investment do not always return inside one quarter or two quarter . and so it be underneath the cover of this SG&A expense that it have today and go forward it be morph into a very different profile of skill and value and it be manage that as well as return solid growth , both topline and bottom line . Ananda Baruah - Brean capital yes , Bob , it appreciate that . it be just the commentary have not change with it guy kind of walk it through the strategy on a regular basis again . it be great to be back . Ananda Baruah - Brean capital  it . the next question be come from the line of Osten Bernardez with Cross Research . please proceed with it question . Osten Bernardez – Cross Research  .  for take it question . just to begin , would it be able to walk it through sort of what it -- what be it view on the demand picture in Europe relative to it guidance for the next , for the July quarter in particular it want to know if it would be able to bifurcate sort of the contribution from new logo and new product that it be add versus core demand from some of it exist customer and it understand that it business require that it go out and refresh it line card when need . yes , this be Jeff . it think the guidance for Q2 be consider the size of it european operation , it be business as usual , consistent with what it be just see in Q4 and Q1 and it be clearly very difficult to add something to the line card that be go to change the complexion of a -- let it say average $ 4 billion quarter . so there be certainly new product that be add and give it the opportunity to consider how it price or participate in other product that be either reach the end of demand and/or less profitable for it . but european market have show it that there be good demand in the two most recent report quarter and it believe that it be go to continue . now there be certain country that have have very strong demand that it highlight on the call . clearly that demand profile may not continue at that rapid pace and so it will moderate and other will fill in , include it expect it -- the demand environment and/or it performance in U.K. to improve as it go through this fiscal year . but if there be no one single , two , three , five single standout that be go to change the complexion of it european sale or result over the next couple of quarter that it be aware of . Osten Bernardez – Cross Research got it . and with regard to it comment on the environment in Canada improve during the first quarter , would it be able to comment on whether there be any particular vertical or product that drive that growth or be that mostly macro drive and do it anticipate that continue throughout the rest of the year ? Bob mention software . Canada be probably one of it fast grow area of software . it think it just do an excellent job out there . it think it vendor be recognize that it tool and ability in software be excellent . it have the opportunity to get award some business from some customer out there that have a combination of procure from other and from vendor and ask it to handle that for it . off the top of it head , it recollection be it have pretty good strength across the Board . software be the one that just stick out in it mine , it execute well . it have a solid quarter across the Board . it large national account do well . SMB be up double digit and then on top of that Government season kick in and it have a strong public sector season . so , it be kind of a combination of all force and it result in , as it say , one of the good year ever it have have in Canada . Osten Bernardez – Cross Research  for that color . and one final question , just a follow - up , when do it expect to hear back from it rating agency ? no , it do not think it will hear back . it be just a continuous process and it make it determination and decision , but it be in good shape with it . it keep it fully inform about it business , but there be not a date that it hear back from it . Osten Bernardez – Cross Research  it very much .  it . it final question be come from the line of [ indiscernible ] with CLSA . please proceed with it question . Unidentified Analyst okay . great . it say earlier that it may not have meet the street expectation , but it do meet internal target , on the SG&A line , it know it answer this question , but just to clarify , be it go to then or do it suggest , and it could take the number that it have here for the first quarter and more or less flat on an absolute dollar basis for the rest of the year , or do it expect it actually to grow a bit ? actually it would not give that kind of detail . it be respond to one of the other analyst commentary about how it model it base upon circumstance that it have lay out and just indicate on that , that would be a reasonable assumption . it could vary by quarter , but it overall goal be to in constant currency keep it SG&A as flat as possible and reallocate resource to the correct place . Unidentified Analyst okay . and then it know that a lot of it business as per the last earning call it have say ship basically into the back half of the year because of Europe , it guess and it know may be it do not actually give EPS guidance , but consensus number be much high now than it seem like what it be guide or most of it into the back half of the year , so do it feel comfortable with it guess the $ 5.50 that be the Street estimate before this call or because it be materially below EPS in the first quarter , it look like actually move down . no , it do not really comment specifically on those . it think it have give enough color and representation on Q1 and Q2 and it think it be after that it be up to the modeling of it to determine what that mean . it specifically do not provide annual guidance . Unidentified Analyst it more have to do with that , it say in the last earning call how much be backend load because of it good effort of sort of try to get a well feel for ? yes , it think the answer in response to that be clearly Q2 will be -- it be sorry , Q4 should be for the foreseeable future , it good quarter on a rather dramatic basis compare to Q1 and Q2 . and the difference it think be it have be able to see more earning improvement and leverage in Q1 by the sale exceed it expectation in both region . it provide guidance , which be slightly under in both region what it be able to sell into . so the beauty of this model on the positive side be when it get that opportunity to grow sale , 1 % , 2 % , 3 % , 4 % faster than it anticipate with the right mix , a significant portion of that flow be right to the bottom line . and it also understand the negative if it be short on it sale 1 % , 2 % , 3 % , 4 % the negative consequence be to the bottom line and so that be why it try and plan it SG&A on a conservative , but reasonable sale expectation for the next and follow quarter to make sure it do not overspend . as an example , last year in Q2 and Q3 and little bit in Q1 , the sale especially in Europe do not hit it expectation and so it do not get the right leverage out of the business that snap back in Q4 and bode well for it in Q1 . it be a very delicate basis point business , but with it operational focus this year versus look at acquisition candidate significant IT integration . the other effort it be work on with win back customer for service in the Americas and it be completely focus on operate this company right now . and it think that be evident in Q1 , yet it do not exceed it expectation in all area . it certainly would have hope to grow earning in the Americas . it do not , but it do not depredate the earning performance , it just depredate the operate performance to get it colleague in Europe make up for that difference allow the corporation again blend portfolio to grow it earning on a non - gaap basis 9 % to 11 % depend on the metric and 9 % sale growth . there will be quarter out of the next three where the Americas team will carry the lead flag compare to the european flag and then it will switch back . the portfolio be work for it . it think it be go to have a good building year to prepare it for FY'16 . 