first , it will discuss it Rides business which reach two very significant milestone in Q3 . it achieve $ 1 billion in weekly gross booking and it generate Rides adjust EBITDA $ 631 million , up 52 % year - on - year . importantly , Rides adjust EBITDA now more than cover it corporate overhead which consist of $ 623 million in corporate G&A and platform r&d spend . it continue to be the Rides leader in every region in which it operate grow or maintain category position in it most important market , include the US , LATAM and the UK , while significantly improve it ride adjust EBITDA margin from 17.8 % of ANR in Q3 , 2018 to 22 % in this quarter . move forward , it expect to drive continue top - line and margin growth by invest in it marketplace , double down on it premium product offering , as well as continue financial discipline . for example , investment in it enterprise product have drive Uber for business growth exceed 70 % , while expansion of it premium comfort product to more than 150 city globally have be a win for rider and driver . additionally , it have make meaningful progress on a number of it high priority market such as Germany , Japan and Argentina , it team be confident that it can drive strong top and bottom line growth over the next several year . second , it Eats business continue to expand globally with growth booking grow 77 % and ANR grow 109 % year - on - year on a constant currency basis , as a result of continue improvement on it take rate which grow to 10.7 % from 9 % this quarter last year . it strategy for Eats be simple , invest aggressively into market where it be confident it can establish or defend a number one or number two position over the next 18-months . it believe that the scale and strength of it global brand , it plan expansion into new local commerce category like grocery and the power of it platform to cross - promote and drive loyalty within it product line , all afford it superior acquisition and per transaction economic compare to mono line local player . many of the startup in the food category have be try to use cheap capital to buy it way to growth . but it have see the capital get more expensive and can run dry , whereas platform leadership be both far cheap and more permanent when couple with excellent execution . it believe that the online food delivery category could under grow the same move to more favorable market condition that it have observe in Rides as company ’ content with public market investor . a few week ago , it announce the majority investment in Cornershop , a lead provider of online grocery delivery in Mexico and Chile . give the tremendous synergy between restaurant delivery and grocery , it see significant value in add an already establish and highly successful grocery after it platform further solidify Uber as the operating system for everyday life in Latin America and potentially beyond , it recent announcement that it will begin show ride , eat and other service side by side in one app demonstrate the clear advantage of it platform approach . it can more quickly and efficiently attract and retain customer , as well as deepen it engagement by link and cross promote all of it offering . it be early day but it have already launch product like Uber pass , a subscription that provide all - in - one saving like ride protection , $ 0 delivery fee on Uber Eats order and more for customer intensity . similarly , Uber reward which reach 18 million subscriber in the US in just six month since launch should drive increase loyalty as consumer accumulate and use Uber reward across it platform . finally , it be focus on turn it ride user into eat user and as part of the change it make to it marketing organization have structure team around seize high potential opportunity like this . lastly , a word on regulation . ensure the good outcome for rider , driver and the city in which it operate , it continue to be focus on positive , productive engagement with regulator all around the world . it be important to remember where it come from . when it launch peer - to - peer ride sharing in 2013 , California be the only place in the world with regulation on the book . fast forward to today just six year later , nearly every major market in the world have recognize and license it service . nonetheless regulation in California have generate a lot of interest over the past few month , so it want to briefly address it situation there . for context California represent 9 % of it global rise in Eats gross booking but a negligible amount of Rides and eat adjust EBITDA respectively . it continue to focus on a path that it believe provide a very attractive option for driver and courier where it retain flexibility but gain important new protection like healthcare subsidy and minimum earning standard . together with Lyft and DoorDash , it be put a ballot measure to California voter in November 2020 that propose just such a model . it also want to highlight the significant progress it make on policy across the world this year , positive independent contractor ruling from both the US via Department of Labor letter in April and Brazilian Federal Government . the passage of the mobility law in France which include a reaffirmation of independent classification and a return to Vancouver after seven year away . generally speak , it priority remain the same . secure regulation that allow the business to grow and enable individual to find flexible earning opportunity on it platform . before it turn on over to Nelson for detail on the number , it want to speak to the excellent progress it make on ride since it ipo as this be it good quarter ever and the first in which it have disclose it second level ebitda . in just two quarter since it ipo , it make a lot of progress . since Q1 , it have double Q3 Rides ANR to 24 % on a constant currency basis , that be ANR to 24 % on a constant currency basis . it improve it ride take rate by 200 basis point to 22.8 % produce an incremental $ 300 million in Q3 , 2019 ANR . it transaction growth along with a well take rate have improve ANR by $ 500 million , $ 400 million of which flow through to Rides adjust ebitda . this represent an 80 % incremental EBITDA flow through increase adjusted EBITDA margin from 8 % to 22 % in just two quarter . it have achieve this with an improved framework on capital allocation , efficiency , capability and cost control . as an example , it again reduce insurance and payment , the two big component of it cost of revenue quarter - on - quarter and year - on - year as a percentage of gross booking . it do all this and achieve the same quarter - on - quarter top - line growth rate this q3 as Q3 of last year despite a $ 2 billion increase in gross booking for the quarter . to be clear , it be not do by a long shot in it Rides segment and it be as it speak apply the same level of rigor to all of it other segment include eat . it have already make some tough decision regard it headcount and resource allocation to make sure it have get the very good team work against the high return project , and will continue to be discipline and efficient with it capital . it current target with a ton of hard work from all of it team be to get to total company EBITDA profitability for the full year 2021 as it see the benefit of global scale and efficiency and the good tech talent out there . the world 's magical company be the one that can compound top - line growth of massive scale , improve margin , allocate capital efficiency and do the right thing for all of it constituency . it be work hard to be one of those magical company . and now to Nelson for more detail on the number .  Dara . it be continue with it financial result . it want to describe some of the change it have make to it report . it now provide great visibility into it business by report on five segment . for each of these segment , it be provide gross booking , revenue , adjust net revenue , segment adjust EBITDA . it historical total company result remain unchanged . it segment adjust EBITDA measure replace , it be previous report of contribution profit and loss and maintain the same definition and include all the segment 's direct cost with contra revenue , cost of revenue , support and operation , sale and marketing and G&A and R&D directly relate to these respective segment , which represent a majority of it total G&A and R&D spend . the further information on these change and to address any question on bridge it old and new segment , please see the supplemental slide post on investor.uber.com . for the remainder of this discussion , all growth rate reflect year - over - year growth unless otherwise note . now on to it GAAP result for Q3 , 2019 . it GAAP revenue be $ 3.8 billion , up 30 % . GAAP cost per revenue exclude G&A of $ 1.9 billion decrease 48.8 % from 51.3 % of revenue in Q3 , 2019 . GAAP EPS be a loss of $ 0.68 compare to a loss of $ 2.21 in q3 of 2018 . for the remainder of the call unless otherwise note , it will discuss key operational metric as well as non -gaap financial measure exclude pro forma adjustment such as stock base compensation and the one - time driver appreciation award associate with the ipo in the second quarter of 2019 . it total company global trip of 1.8 billion grow 31 % . global trip growth continue to be a significant driver of it overall growth in gross booking . MAPC or Monthly Active Platform consumer be 103 million , up 26 % . it continue to see strong new MAPC addition to the platform via eat and ride . total company gross booking be $ 16.5 billion grow 29 % or 32 % on a constant currency basis . adjusted net revenue or ANR be $ 3.5 billion which be up 35 % on a constant currency basis . it ANR take rate be 21.5 % of gross booking , up 60 basis point year - over - year and a 140 basis point quarter - over - quarter . non - gaap cost of revenue exclude G&A decrease to 45 % and 47 % of ANR , and decrease to 9.7 % from 9.9 % as a percentage of gross booking . insurance and payment as a percent of the gross booking improve quarter - over - quarter and year - over - year . this be partially offset by an increase in cost of revenue due to freight and NeMo 's gross or merchant 's model , where freight partner payment and NeMo 's scooter hardware and field cost be include in it cost of revenue . turn now to non - gaap operating expense . first , it will start with operation and support and sale and marketing which be 100 % allocate to it five business segment . operation and support be stable at 13 % of adjust net revenue and have be stable at 3 % of gross booking since the third quarter of 2018 , reflect ongoing ride , support efficiency improvement , offset by mix shift a high percentage of Eats transaction which carry with it a high contact rate . go forward , it will look to automate a high percentage of Eats customer service ticket and be already see reduction in contact rate month - over- month . sale and marketing increase to 30 % from 28 % of adjust net revenue and increase to 6.5 % from 5.9 % of gross booking versus a third quarter of 2018 . this increase be primarily due to increase consumer promotion as well as increase advertising and marketing spend prior to it Q3 headcount reduction . r&d decrease to 13 % from 14 % , and adjust net revenue decrease to 2.8 % and 3 % of gross booking due to slow growth in ETG expense . it expect to get leverage on total r&d over the long term . G&A be flat at 15 % of adjust net revenue and remain flat at 3.1 % of gross booking versus Q3 of 2018 . it be flat as a percentage of it top line as a result of public company infrastructure investment . it expect that G&A will grow significantly more close than it top line . it Q3 , 2019 total adjust EBITDA loss be $ 585 million . it handily beat it internal plan due to strong execution of it scheme ; it know it have a lot more work to do here and will need focus on balance investment with profitability improvement . now it will provide additional detail on it segment . first on the Rides side . ride gross booking of $ 12.8 billion grow 22 % at constant currency lead by the US and LATAM respectively . ride ANR of $ 2.9 billion grow 24 % at constant currency drive by more favorable market dynamic in the US , stability in latam beginning in the 2019 and improve share of rise efficiency . ride adjust EBITDA be $ 631 million or 22 % of Rides ANR . this represent a quarterly record on absolute dollar and margin basis , with 270 basis point and 420 basis point margin improvement quarter - over - quarter and year - over - year respectively , as the percentage of ANR . during Q3 , 2019 , the adjusted EBITDA margin for the top five ride country by gross booking range from 17 % to 62 % as a percent of ANR . there be nothing structurally different about the high margin country that would prevent other country from match as market dynamic become more favorable over time . on each gross booking of $ 3.7 billion grow 77 % at constant currency drive by growth in APAC and US and Canada which be it large absolute dollar growth driver by category growth slow in some core metro . Eats ANR be $ 392 million , up 109 % on a constant currency basis through the ongoing benefit from the service fee structure launch in the US in Q1 of 2019 . these adjust EBITDA be a loss of $ 316 million or negative 81 % of ANR and negative 8.6 % of gross booking . it have nearly a 100 Eats city that be adjust EBITDA margin positive , with that say give the large private capital inflow into the online food delivery category , competition have be fierce in some market . to underscore the level of promotion and incentive by privately fund player approximately 15 % of it Eats gross booking make up over half of it adjust EBITDA margin loss . it decision recently to exit the south korean market demonstrate it willingness to exit market with low ROI . it freight business grow ANR over 78 % and adjust EBITDA be a loss of $ 81 million . freight growth be drive by load volume increase over 100 % in spite of soft market condition . rate continue to rapidly take share in the large US market , while provide excellent service that lay the groundwork for long term shipper partnership . it team continue to automate what be high - touch , phone drive task to scale it enterprise relationship and increasingly it self - serve , small super platform and to expand it carrier footprint across individual , as well as fleet owner . it other bet segment have ANR of $ 38 million and an adjusted ebitda loss of $ 72 million . other bet which consist primarily of it JUMP e - bike and scooter continue to be a strong consumer acquisition channel . it also continue to achieve improvement to unit economic . ATG adjust EBITDA be a loss of a $ 124 million base on this quarter 's level of investment the recent $ 1 billion investment in ATG cover about eight quarter of spend . the first engineer from Toyota and Denso be now co - locate with it atg team in Pittsburgh demonstrate Toyota 's commitment to this partnership . it also announce that ATG will begin manual testing and mapping in Dallas in early November . in Q3 , 2019 corporate G&A and platform r&d of $ 623 million which represent the G&A and R&D not allocate to one of it five segment grow 24 % . this be make up of G&A and engineering function that support the entire platform , include infrastructure payment brand and customer support technology . in term of liquidity , it end the quarter with approximately $ 12.7 billion in unrestricted cash and cash equivalent , an increase of $ 1 billion over last quarter . the increase be drive by the $ 1 billion in aggregate proceed from the investment in ATG and proceed from it $ 1.2 billion senior note offering which close in September . now it will wrap up provide guidance and comment . it be narrow it 2019 gross booking to a constant currency growth of 33 % to 35 % year - over - year , up from the 31 % to 35 % year - over - year guidance give on the second quarter conference call . base on September month end rate , it current constant currency growth represent about $ 64 billion to $ 65 billion in report gross booking . please note that it expect to provide 2020 annual guidance on it Q4 , 2019 earning call . for it modeling purpose , please keep in mind that it large foreign currency be the brazilian real , the UK pound , australian dollar , mexican pesos , canadian dollar , euro , indian rupee and argentinian peso . give the rapid improvement in ride take rate through Q3 , 2019 , it do not expect typical Q4 seasonality to cause quarter - over - quarter decline in take rate . the Eats market will continue to be competitive as player of raise fund to invest in growth in this fast - grow category . it will continue to invest include in Q4 , 2019 when seasonal courier cost increase and it expect category take rate to contract quarter - over - quarter . it expect adjust net revenue growth rate to continue to accelerate into Q4 come in close to 40 % . for 2019 adjusted EBITDA , it now expect the loss of $ 2.9 billion to $ 2.8 billion , reflect a $ 250 million improvement at the midpoint from prior guidance of 3.2 to 3.0 . it be also provide additional guidance . for the fourth quarter of 2019 , stock base compensation , it expect the expense of $ 250 million to $ 300 million and it expect it Q4 , 2019 basic and diluted weighted average share count to be 1.7 billion to 1.725 billion . as it finalize it 2020 plan , it remain particularly focused on identify additional operating efficiency across all of it operating expense . while it will continue to invest in it business to achieve long term top line growth as Dara mention , it be target EBITDA profitability on a fully consolidated basis for the full year 2021 . it will confirm it 2020 guidance on it Q4 call . with that let it open it up for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from a line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer . please go ahead with it question . hey ,  for take the call . maybe the first one and it do not know if it can comment on it , but clearly a lot of question around this lock up , if there be anything it can say about discussion it may be have with shareholder to try to manage the lock - up . secondly , it do see a kind of disappointing eat in the quarter from a gross booking basis . it do allude to competitive factor , but yet it do see a well take rate . so be it kind of manage the outcome in Eats ANR relative to Eats gross booking ?  it . so , Jason , it will take the first one , the one thing it do want to say be it make a comment on it guidance of regard the rapid improvement of ANR take rate through Q3 , 2019 . so it just want to clarify . so it do not expect - it do expect -sorry the Q4 seasonality cause some quarter - over - quarter decline . so it just want to make sure it clarify that for the record . regard it first question on lockup , yes , it be true that there be a lot of share that be go to become unlocked on Wednesday . and yes , it can assume that it have have a lot of dialogue and very active dialogue with a lot of the shareholder that it have . it can not really comment on what each and any individual shareholder will do . it would tell it that it have very good and constructive dialogue with long - term shareholder . as it know , there be a number of different holder who have be in the stock for a long time and so it should expect that people will react rationally . as it also know , it have have a lot of very good long - term holder come into the stock . and again , it have have very constructive dialogue as well there . and so obviously there be a lot of supply that can hit the marketplace and it do not know what be go to really happen . but it can rest assure it have take whatever step it can to have the dialogue that it need to with most of the party . DaraKhosrowshahi yes . and it think on it Eats question in term of the trade off , listen , there be always trade - off that it make in term of investment and growth take a perspective though this be eat grow 77 % booking on a year - on - year basis , ANR be up a 109 % year - on - year as well . it be still , know it own number , the large player globally ex China despite some Twitter speak , from some of it competitor . so the scale of Eats be still very significant and it will actively make trade - off in this business . it absolutely believe in the ultimate size of the East platform , but as it say it be go to make trade - off . it be go to shoot to get to number one and number two in every market that it be in . if it can not make it to that level , it will look to dispose or it will get out of the market . and once it get to that number one or number two position , it think the power the platform , the Uber brand , it ability for the Rides business and the Eats business to work together to acquire customer and to retain customer will just be advantage over the other competitor out there . so be it go to be discipline about growth ? absolutely . it do lean in Q3 in Eats , will continue to lean in for the balance of the year . but it be see some of the market rationalization , some early sign of market rationalization and discipline . and it think that will be a positive factor for everyone involve . it next question be from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley .  for take it question . it have two . just - the first question just on the comment around full year 2021 profitability . be there maybe sort of , would it talk it through a little bit the big source of leverage , do it still see in the P&L , as it kind of go down the consolidated P&L to get it to profitability in 2021 and how do it think about ride profitability improve and eat get to breakeven over that period ? and then Dara just kind of go back to it question about potential rationalization in Eats , any help at all on what sign it be see or what region of the globe it be see , early encouraging sign of rationalization there ?  . so it will take the first part and Dara will take the second part . so with the new disclosure it can get a sense of the big pool that it be invest in , the five different segment . yes , it do - it have see the market continue to improve on the Rides side of the business . it believe that it will continue to be constructive and so it think it will see a further improvement there . it do believe that and Dara will comment a little bit on where it think Eats will go over time . it would caution and say that at least over the next couple quarter , it still see a lot of money flow into that segment , but as it know , when it be on the road it talk to investor about the opportunity , the potential for the Rides business to become much more constructive and it have see over a couple of quarter how quickly it be improve . and so it think there be a road map out there regard that . and regard some of the investment it be make whether it be in ebike and e - scooter or freight . as it know , it be invest in a number of different bet as it like it call it internally and it do expect some either rationalization or optimization of those bet as it continue to go down and move towards 2021 , and so it be still in the middle of it planning mode but that be definitely where it be head . DaraKhosrowshahi yes . it think the on Eats side , certainly one sign that it be see that be encouraging be it take rate continue to move up for eat and it think ultimately the mature business model for eat will have take rate that be significantly high than a take rate that it see now . it be not count on rationalization near - term in Q4 , but it do think that all of these market need to rationalize and as Nelson talk about the Rides rationalization have happen much faster it think than anyone expect and it have a ton under it own control as far as it own business model , how it use technology in automation to drive per unit margin . how it make sure that it scale on an operate basis in term of it overhead and it G&A and how it get more efficient . it think it have demonstrate some of that in Rides EBITDA improvement in Q3 and frankly it think that there be a long way to go both for a Rides segment and it Eats segment go forward . it have get plan and now it have get to execute but it be confident that it can do so . it next question be from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs . just one thing it want to clarify on the 2021 profitability . be that 2020 profitability in 2021 meaning for the full year or for a quarter or at some point in 2021 ? and then , Nelson , when it look at this the expense reduction that have it be able to take during the third quarter . be there a way that it can quantify for it sort of where the run rate of efficiency that it have be able to achieve be so not what it see in Q3 but if it be to look at sort of the full quarter or maybe even sort of full year impact of those efficiency or those cost reduction sort of where it be now in the way that it be - what it have be able to achieve there ? and then it guess back on the profitability in 2021 question , be there a level of revenue or a level of scale that be assume in that math of -for the company that it would be willing to share that be imply for that degree of profitability ? so , first of all , Heath , just to clarify the point in term of the profitability it for the whole year on a fully incorporated basis be the statement . in term of actually see some of the benefit actually incorporate into guidance and so as it know , it have improve it guidance for the full year and as it think about walk towards the 2021 target , obviously , that be include as it think about efficiency . where it really see some of the benefit from it as just leverage , it be go to get over it corporate infrastructure . so the company have be build and the corporate overhead have be build to catch up to the growth of the company . and so it have see as it mention 24 % year - over - year and third quarter versus the third quarter of last year , it be go to start see those number start to grow in much small digit and it be go to see the growth continue . and so it will start get some of that leverage . it hear Dara say insurance cost and cost like that continue to improve and payment cost and so will continue to grind it out , it have hear it talk about it . it do not think there be a big magic bullet . it be just continue to grind it out quarter - over - quarter . it will not see it take big charge on for insurance like other do and it be go to see it be include in it ebitda and then it be go to just continue to focus on the execution there . and so it be not really a magic x y or Z , it be a continuation of it execute the plan . it be see some of the semblance of it on the Rides business and some of the comment be in particular that Dara make in it prepared remark . and then as Dara mention , it do see a path on the Eats side of the business down the road . DaraKhosrowshahi and , Heath , just add a little bit more there . it think it be -this be almost across the board . it think that it can significantly improve cost of sale as a percentage of revenue . it think that it can improve it marketing spend and spend on incentive as a percentage of revenue as well , both in term of the market rationalizing but it team be become much more effective in segment it consumer base and use target marketing in order to reach the right person at the right time . this company have be grow so fast over such a long period of time in so many country that the team really have not be able to catch it breath and optimize . it now have team member go against every single P&L line item with specific project et cetera to make sure that it can optimize and scale at the same time . it have do it with the Rides business already . there be more goodness to come it believe . and it believe it can kind of run the same play on Eats and the other business as well . so the team be pretty focused . this stuff be not theoretical . there be execution ahead of it but it absolutely think it can pull this off . it next question be from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . great ,  it . so for mapc season trip , a little bit blow some of the street estimate out there . be there any divestiture in there ? or be there some pullback in some of it incentive ? and maybe it feel well about the quality of it customer . Can it talk about that ? and then it be guide EBITDA $ 1.4 billion for above street number in 2021 which be loss of 1.4 . what be that mean for it growth rate as it look out the next couple year ? be it go to have to give up some growth to get to those kind of number ?  it . DaraKhosrowshahi yes . it think as far as it trip growth go , again keep thing in perspective , a 31 % trip grow 1.8 billion trip on a quarterly basis . these be very large number at significant scale . it think if it be to point some of the area where it be make certain trade - off as it relate to trip growth versus profitability , one would be it share ride segment for example . it be lose significant sum in term of it share ride really discount and it think that the product and technology team be much more focused on drive shared ride efficiency , build out new product like express pool which it be way ahead of a competition that allow it consumer to essentially walk to a destination or wait . product like Uber Extra less that give it discount kind of last first - out et cetera . so the focus really be to drive low rate base on the good technology out there versus just drive low rate and grow through discount . build the tech be hard work but it think ultimately build the tech create kind of deep competitive advantage over the other player out there , and it think it simply have the good out there and it be certainly invest much more than any of the kind of local player can . in term of 2021 target , it will - these be it target at this point and it have not give formal guidance for 2021 , but it will tell it that this will , it believe that it will be in a position to deliver very strong both top line and bottom line growth as a company at scale . there will always be trade - off that it have to make but it be prepared to make those trade - off and it think those kind of tough trade - off actually be positive for a culture of the company . so it want to be work on the very good idea not just the average idea . it next question be from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets . please go ahead . okay , two question please . rationalization in the Rides business in different geography , there be a lot of evidence that it be occur in North America . to what extent it see that rationalization in other geographic market ? and then , Dara , could it talk about the synergy between Rides and Eats , the extent that the business model need it to what extent it have already see it ? any data point there would be helpful .  it . DaraKhosrowshahi sure , Mark . in term of rationalization , it think it be a combination of both rationalization and just more effective execution on the team . it be in almost every single market out there it have two , three , four , five competitor out there . it be push very hard but the fact be it have get the big network out there . it have the good brand . it have technology that it build on a global basis that it can roll out . and it think that it team be execute well and it think that the network effect that it have talk about be show it . it think that some competitor be able to kind of buy it way or spend it way which may have hide some of the network effect of this model . when the spending go out then it see how well team can execute . and it think it team be execute well . so it be see rationalization in the US , it see lot of competitor behavior all over the world . but it can execute in a competitive environment and it think that it be demonstrate that . as far as the synergy of the Rides in each business , it see it now and the app that it be test with the Rides business , when it open up , it be test - it open up the Rides app , it have the opportunity to order it food . it have run some promotional campaign for example with certain of it partner McDonald 's where McDonald 's get the cross promote it brand to it ride owner . the loyalty program that it have encompasse both ride and Eats , 18 million member in less than a year of launch in the US as well . and it do believe that it customer acquisition cost and retention be superior to it competitor out there , which again be a benefit of the platform come together . it think this will prove out over a period of time but it be see really good early signal . it next question be from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays . hi , guy . just one on Eats and then one on ride , if it can . so it have a comment about the 15 % of Eats GB drive over half the EBITDA loss , it be pretty helpful . Can it guy talk about how far off the US business be from breakeven and it guess what do the barbell look like if it take like Australia on one end and India on the other end ? how wide the goal post in each business in term of profitability ? and then on ride , if it look at something like Brazil that be go from profitable to negative and it know there be an acquisition from a competitor and a lot of investment behind that . but be something like that common that it be see across it other Rides market ? it mention the Top 5 and 17 % to 62 % it guess how sticky be those country level ebitda margin over time ? that 'd be helpful .  it . so in term of the question on contribution margin , yes , there be the bar bell be pretty wide , right , between a place like in India and a place like in Australia . so , yes , it get that right . it think in some of it it be more -there be place inside the US which it would say be a place it be invest where it have positive EBITDA margin . and so it be a little bit more city by city and be just pure country by country . but yes , it think it have the bar bell about right . as it know , the each take rate in the top five city in Q2 be kind of 8 % to 16 % and it see it continue to make improvement there at least in Q3 . and so there be no magic to it . it be a little bit base on the competitive situation and then it be take the right action as Dara say . and then it be very committed to really be one or two in all the market and it be go to see it take action accordingly to get there or not . and so it think what it do in South Korea be also indicative . it want something on ride ? DaraKhosrowshahi yes . it think on it Rides business , listen , there be - as it say lot of competition out there but it be profitable in essentially almost every single mega region out there that it operate in . and it be see , it would say more predictability around it Rides business although there be competitive flare up in every single market for example , it have see competition enter in London , but and it think the team be just execute well . if it go kind of back two or three year back , there be certain market where it be the only competitor out there . it do not think there be any market like that , so just competition be a way of life and the team adjust and it think it team be just execute much well than it be in what be a new tough environment . but it like where it margin be head in that environment and by Nelson 's remark , when it have get market that be today 60 plus percent in term of adjust EBITDA that give it kind of a roadmap as to where it think it can take certainly not every single country or every single mega region . it just show it that there be plenty of margin upside leave in the business even with competition out there . it next question be from the line of Youssef Squali with SunTrust . great .  it . two question here please . not to be the dead horse here on Eats , but that profitability in 2021 , the way it be define it require profitability or at least a breakeven in the Eats business by that date or do it just basically assume somewhat of an improve environment ? and then second , can it talk maybe about it experience in New York City and may be growth there , post the hike that it have be see over the last call it six month or so . just perhaps as a proxy of what may happen , if and when AB5 go to go through ?  it . so again it do not want to get too stuck on 2021 as Dara say , it be still in the process of work through it . what it would tell it it do not predicate that Eats have to be either profitable or breakeven on the EBITDA margin basis . the commentary it make be on a consolidated basis for all of Uber . and that be really what the target be . and so it do not want to get too detailed in term of each of the line , but it be not necessarily predicate that Eats have to be profitable or breakeven in 2021 . DaraKhosrowshahi and , yes , it think as far as it New York City growth , it have see significant price increase in New York City to the consumer out there . but the business be certainly grow from a booking standpoint . those price increase be slow down trip growth for , if it look at the last six month trip growth be still up on a year - over - year basis in New York for the six month period . it be definitely see the increase price affect neighborhood that may be in transit desert that be more price sensitive and it do not think that be a good thing for New York . and it be certainly not a good thing for those neighborhood . but that the New York call it , example show a business that continue to grow and it be quite resilient to the environment around it . ultimately , there be a lot of demand for transportation and it be become kind of a more fundamental part of everyone 's life . and then it adding in other service such as Metro just kind of create more occasion for people to come onto the app , whether it want to take an Uber or whether it want to take a pool or whether in many case it want to take public transit . it next question be from the line of Masha Kahn with HSBC . hi ,  for the opportunity to ask question . it notice it launch Uber Money . Can it talk a little bit about it vision Uber Money , let it say five year from now ? what be it go to look like ? be it plan to go into merchant acquire ? and second question can it comment on how much of a drag India be on it anr this quarter ?  it . so it will take first question - the second question first and so it have talk about on the Eats side of the business the type of drag and so the Eats ANR be 10.7 % in Q3 . so it be about a 0.4 drag in term of the number . so India be not in there , it would have be post 11.1 % . regard where it be on Money , it have a Peter Hazlehurst , who be lead the money team for it have a presentation in Las Vegas . and what it really be focus on right now be really enhance the opportunity for driver on it platform and what it would say be that as it think about with what consistency that be , make sure that it can get pay quickly matter a lot . and so for many of the driver and so for many people who work in the workplace it know it be get pay every other week . and that be probably okay . for many of it driver , it be , how can it get it pay quicker . and so a lot of the initiative it be talk about right now be really help it through that process , many of it driver be unbanked and so by create the Uber wallet and allow it to have the opportunity to have an Uber debit card . and it be work on tool that allow it to get pay every day or after every trip . it have other tool that provide it a little bit of opportunity to the extent it need $ 50 for gas , so it can go drive and so it be create tool like that really around enhance and help it driver partner . beyond that , it obviously be do a lot in term of what it can do with business - from a business development side in term of lower it payment cost . and it be explore different opportunity as it know , but it be too early for it to comment beyond really try to create and really build out a great product for it driver . and if it think about the amount of fund that flow through it system , it think there be a big opportunity there and it think there be a good opportunity to really help it in term of give it the cash and it need it which be immediately and then give it purchase power and then also help it save on thing whether it be gas or service or other thing insurance and other thing that it can help leverage it buying power . so that be kind of where it be today . it obviously be look beyond it . it would be premature for it to comment beyond that . DaraKhosrowshahi yes . it think it be the first company to stream real time earning at the kind of scale that it be which be pretty exciting as Nelson say . next question be from the line of itay Michaeli with Citi . please go ahead . great ,  it everyone . just two financial question for it . first , Nelson , hope it can walk it a bit more into the sequential Q4 EBITDA loss . it seem like it ANR will accelerate from Q3 per it guidance . maybe just walk it through that the widen loss expectation for Q4 . and then secondly , any change to kind of long term it think 25 % adjust EBITDA margin target for the business as a whole ? so it have not change any of the long - term target . and as Dara mention earlier , it will comment more specifically in the Q4 call it think about 2020 guidance . as it think about Q4 , yes , it do assume a little bit of an uptick versus where it finish in Q3 . there be go to be some more investment probably on the Eats side of the business give the marketplace and then additionally it be invest in other thing and it may just see kind of the full - year effect of some of the add that it have make through the course of the year . and so those really be kind of work what it characterize . there be part of it business that do have some seasonal change . and so that increase cost . so typically driver and courier cost in Q4 can go up as well . and so that be all kind of embed inside of a kind of what it be imply for Q4 . DaraKhosrowshahi so it think year - on - year be go to be pretty attractive but quarter - on - quarter it may see some seasonal effect but the year - on - year that it see in Q4 be go to be pretty strong . it next question be from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank .  . two question , if it can . first can it talk a little bit more about the progress in some of the new market ? Dara , it think it call out Germany , Japan and Argentina in it prepare remark , but if it can give it a well sense of what product be drive that strength . and then maybe any other market where it see thing be open up over the next year or so ? and then second one , Dara , it have be focus on reduce kind of part of the company to make it more nimble . wonder just how much leave there be to do there and how it feel the organization 's respond in term of become a little bit more efficient ?  . DaraKhosrowshahi sure , absolutely . so Germany be - just talk about Germany , Japan , Argentina , it be very optimistic on Germany . the growth rate there be very significant , year - on - year growth rate over a 100 % in Germany on the Rides side of the business . it have also introduce JUMP bike in Germany as well and Europe to some extent be kind of the center of the micro mobility revolution that it be see . and it be see incredible response to JUMP both in Germany and on balance in many european city as well . and it have get a government work group on ride sharing reform which be in progress . and , listen , it think it be a more efficient environmentally friendly way to move in Germany . there be some for example law that do not allow it to pool in Germany which really make no sense . and it be confident that with constructive dialogue and a continue investment in engage with lawmaker in Germany , it can get to a win for Germany ; it can get to a win for customer and which will also lead eventually to a win for Uber as well . for it Japan be a very promising market . it be kind of a taxi first market . it say the lead in Japan be actually Uber Eats product . it category position in Uber Eats continue see improve significantly year - on - year . it be definitely lean into the japanese market as it relate to Eats . and it think Japan can be one of the very strong market out there and certainly a market where it have the potential to get to that number position and a big kind of number one strategic number - one for it . it be diligently work in Japan as it relate to the Rides business growth be over 60 % on year - on - year basis and it just launch Fukuoka for it tenth taxi market in Japan as well . it will take time ; Japan always take time but it be do it the right way with the right relationship and Japan on the right side . Argentina for it be one of it fastest - grow market , although it will tell it that with the change in government et cetera , it be be measure in it expectation . it want to make sure that it engage with the new policymaker and continue kind of the right dialogue which be how do it make sure that it be provide a service that be a benefit for the city in which it operate , benefit for rider and driver alike and most importantly safe for all party involve . so Argentina have to date be quite positive and will be work kind of with new government out there to make sure that it be consider kind of a good actor or positive actor out there . as it know , in the UK , it continue to have dialogue with TFL , work closely with it and again when it look at the regulatory framework on a global basis , it always have up or down but the team be make investment . and it think more and more city and country around the world be come to the conclusion that Uber be a good thing for it country and Uber be a good thing for it city as well . as far as make connoisseur move in term of how it work . listen , it be just - it be - this company grow very fast and in the early year the kind of the most important factor be speed to market , who get there early and who scale the fast . and so there be not a lot of focus on how do it make sure that it work efficiently ? how do it make sure that the team be work together ? how do it make sure that it reduce duplicate work that may not be add value ? it be absolutely the right set of priority for the time . it priority be change . and now it can deliver scale growth which be technology enable and lead to profit in 2021 on an EBITDA basis . that be a focus of the company and it think that require more coordination and that absolutely will allow it to automate some task that be do manually . and also get rid of duplication that be an add value . and it think that it have get kind of a roadmap ahead of it , and it be pretty confident that it can execute both top line and bottom line as a result . it next question be from the line of Justin Patterson with Raymond James . JustinPatterson great .  . on Uber reward $ 20 million be a solid start . it know it be early but could it talk about how these user be different from non loyalty member with respect to engagement ? and how important be it that it - towards the profitability target that it create more monogamous user with loyalty be one of the factor to get there ?  . DaraKhosrowshahi hi , Justin . it be see early sign from the loyalty member in term of high engagement , high use of it product , high cross platform utilization as well . it will caution , it be very early . it have just launch and there be a ton of optimization ahead of it in term of the loyalty program , how do it optimize the customer experience , how do it make sure that it remind it user when it be able to -when it get a benefit . it think there be a lot more that it can do there . and then how do it encourage user to cross - pollinate between one of it service to another service out there . so it think there be a long road ahead of it and it be very , very early here . in term of it forecast go forward , it think that building , increase customer engagement , deepen loyalty and be more efficient in term of customer acquisition cost and segmentation , absolutely be part of the path to profitability . but the team have a plan that it be execute to and it be confident that it can get goodness there . do it have time for one more question ? last question , yes . and it last question will come from the line of Brad Erickson with Needham & Company . hi ,  . just to follow up on the Eats business . it guess related to that comment earlier the 15 % of Eats booking be do , it guess half the loss . do any of those market in those 15 % booking fall into situation where it be not the number one or two position ? so just wonder if there be a chance that it exit some of these at some point as it say . and it guess just more broadly in case where it be not a one or a two player or can not get there in 12 to 18 month , dispose be the only option it have mention so far in the call , but maybe talk how proactively it may use M&A to try and improve it position in those certain market ?  . yes . there be some market where it be not one or two that be in there right now . yes , it be go to look at both dispose as well as use M&A as potential lever . it be go to lean in and it be do a lot of work right now from an allocation perspective across all it business . and so the team be work pretty hard in term of create these map . and it think about resource allocation and so it be go to work through it . it be - it be go to take 12 to 18 month like it say . it be go to look at all the different lever it have . it commitment be to lean in if it think it can win or be one or two . and if it think it can not it be go to be good steward of capital . and so it will make the appropriate choice . it have be work pretty hard in term of that framework and the team be work hard on it right now . and so yes , it goal be to execute against those plan . DaraKhosrowshahi let it do one more question , operator . it next question will be from the line of John Blackledge with Cowen . please go ahead . great .  . just two question . on AB5 just curious be there any - do it expect any impact in 2020 ? it know the ballot measure be in November . just curious about that and just long - term implication . and then second question just the rationale and potential for grocery delivery with the recent Cornershop deal .  it . DaraKhosrowshahi sure , listen , on AB5 , it have be live under this law for 1.5 year in California since the dynamic decision and it have always exist with 85 like ABC test in Massachusetts , New Jersey , and Connecticut . these be pretty big market for it and it know state like New York and Washington . it have already suggest that it want to pursue gig worker protection and it be happy to work with it on solution that look similar to the ballot measure that it file . this have protection , representation pay standard as well . it be not afraid of these conversation and at the same time , it be not afraid to defend it model , if those conversation turn out to be unsuccessful . and it be hope that the US politician would be willing to work with it industry , it partner to get to progressive new model that be win - win that frankly it be already be establish in Europe . but if not , it will continue to aggressively defend it driver ' right to flexibility . it be always the number one reason why it driver value it platform . the vast majority of it driver be not full - time driver . and it think that not only do it value that flexibility , but it should actively make sure that it defend that flexibility . and it would look to provide private benefit where it can to improve it life as well . so this be go to take dialogue . it be up for that dialogue and one way or the other it think that it model will thrive and grow . as far as Cornershop go , it think that grocery be a very high frequency use case . it have significantly high basket size . it be very impressed with a Cornershop team and as it can expect it meet with everybody in it industry and in adjacent category as well . and it be just super impressed with this team that have be able to build out a great product with actually pretty limited capital out there . so what it - the opportunity that it see be it have a product that have be highly optimize over a long period of time . and it get to put that product through it sale channel so to speak . it get to expose it to it customer and it have see it . when it expose it Eats product to it Rides customer , good thing happen . when it expose Transit to it Rides customer good thing happen . it see the same thing with grocery . it think with Cornershop it will start in Latin America to make sure that it be work . that be - it obviously have a very big position in Latin America . and it will expose Cornershop grocery as well as other product to it Eats customer and it Rides customer in Latin America . if it work there and it be pretty darn confident that it will . it will look to extend it but first it will be within the latam market where Cornershop have a ton of experience . and this be just about put a great product against a huge audience that be already engage with all the payment , all the identity , all of that stuff take care of . so take out a ton of friction that a bunch of it competitor have to deal with . so it be pretty excited . it be a great team and it be really look forward to welcome it to the Uber family . so with that  it everyone for join it for the call . it think Q3 be another strong example of the Uber team execute . it be excited about the 2021 consolidated EBITDA profitability target that it have out there . and it hope that it have show it that it can execute against not just deliver top - line growth , but also top - line growth with discipline . it could only do so with the really , really hard work of all of it employee on a global basis . and also the partnership of the city that it work with . and it driver et cetera . none of this would be possible without it . but it think it be on a good path . and it  it for it interest in this call . and it will hopefully have more to talk to it down the road . 