it commentary will reference adjust result unless otherwise state . this quarter , it result have be adjust for restructure charge of CHF 265 million and net foreign currency translation loss of CHF 123 million . as previously note , it have adopt the own credit presentation requirement of IFRS 9 with own credit recognize in OCI and no longer affect it income statement . Wealth Management deliver a resilient performance with profit before tax up 26 % to CHF 636 million . transaction revenue be the low it have be in any first quarter on record . however , revenue increase as activity pick up from the extremely low level in the prior quarter , which also include the CHF 45 million client shift fee pay from P&C to wm . recur net fee income decrease the benefit of price measure and high mandate penetration be more than offset by low invest asset in cross - border outflow . net interest income decline as high deposit revenue be more than offset by low allocation from Group ALM and low lending revenue as loan balance decrease on currency effect and client deleveraging . the cost - to - income ratio be 66 % . operating expense decrease 10 % to CHF 1.2 billion , largely due to low net expense per litigation , regulatory and similar matter . net new money be CHF 15.5 billion , the high since 2007 , with an annualize growth rate of 6.5 % . strong net new money in the quarter be deliver despite client deleveraging , which continue but slow from the high level it see in the second half of 2015 . invest asset decrease to CHF 925 billion , as currency effect and market decline more than offset strong net new money . mandate penetration increase by 60 basis point to 27 % with CHF 6.9 billion of net new mandate . net new money be positive in all region and particularly strong in APAC with CHF 8.8 billion , the second high since 2007 . net new money be also strong in the ultra - high - net - worth segment with CHF 13.3 billion , an annualize growth rate of 10.5 % , the high since the first quarter of 2013 . Wealth Management Americas deliver another solid quarter with profit before tax of $ 245 million . operating income rise 1 % to $ 1.9 billion on record net interest income , which benefit from high interest rate . recur net fee income also increase with transaction - base revenue decrease on low client activity . operating expense decrease to $ 1.7 billion mainly due to $ 215 million low net expense for litigation , regulatory and similar matter . exclude these cost , expense increase mainly due to high allocate cost from Corporate Center , as the prior quarter include a cost agreement credit of $ 36 million . Personnel expense also increase partly due to high initial cost relate to it new healthcare plan . net new money be $ 13.6 billion , predominantly from newly recruit advisor , but also with solid net new money from advisor who have be with the firm for more than one year . for the second quarter , it expect to see typical trend of increase client withdrawal associate with seasonal income tax payment . in the previous three year , second quarter outflow from tax payment have be in the range of $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion . invest asset increase by 2 % to $ 1.1 trillion . manage account asset be up 3 % to a record $ 361 billion , or 34 % of invest asset . FA productivity remain industry - lead , as both revenue and invest asset per FA increase . lending balance be flat as growth in mortgage balance be offset by low security - back lending . Personal & Corporate Banking deliver another solid performance , despite persistent negative interest rate and the challenge face the swiss economy , with profit before tax increase 7 % to CHF 422 million . operate income increase 5 % , mostly on high transaction - base income , as the prior quarter include the CHF 45 million client shift fee pay to Wealth Management . net interest income decrease as high loan and deposit revenue be more than offset by low allocation from Group ALM . despite this , net interest margin remain healthy at 166 basis point . net credit loss expense be negligible . it cost for newly impair position be offset by recovery . as mention in the previous quarter , give the reliance of the swiss economy on export , the continue strength of the franc may impact some of the counterpartie within it domestic lending portfolio and lead to an increase level of credit loss expense in the future period . operating expense increase by 4 % on high allocate cost from Corporate Center - Services , as the prior quarter include a cost agreement credit of CHF 49 million to p&c. the cost to income ratio be stable at 56 % for the fourth consecutive quarter . annualize net business volume growth for it personal banking business be seasonally high at 4.9 % . it continue to attract new client with the high first quarter net new domestic client on record , mainly drive by young client , a testament to it strong e - banking and mobile banking offering . Asset Management deliver a profit before tax of CHF 110 million in a challenging environment for active management , which impact performance fee , particularly in Equities , Multi - Asset and O'Connor . net management fee decrease primarily reflect the sale of Alternative Fund Services in the prior quarter . net new money , exclude money market , be negative CHF 5.9 billion and include a CHF 7.2 billion pricing - relate outflow from one client and CHF 3.8 billion of outflow drive by client - liquidity need , both from low margin passive product . against the backdrop of a very challenging market condition and need client activity , most pronounce in Europe and APAC , the Investment Bank generate CHF 370 of profit before tax . together with low continued consumption of financial resource , this result in a return on an attribute equity above it target of great than 15 % . Corporate Client Solutions ' revenue be CHF 474 million , down 39 % year - over - year as the global fee pool decline substantially , with the large decrease in ECM but also in advisory , while DCM be broadly unchanged . Financing Solutions decrease on subdue client activity and margin compression . risk management revenue decrease due to high hedge cost and as the prior year include a gain on a portfolio macro hedge . in Investor Client Services , equity revenue be 20 % low against a strong first quarter as weak client activity and challenge trading condition impact revenue particularly in derivative . the Americas equity business have a very strong quarter with positive trend in all product . look at FX rate and credit , it be pleased with the progress it be make particularly give market condition . apart from first quarter 2015 , where it see exceptional activity and revenue relate to the SNB floor removal , first quarter 2016 be it good FRC quarter in the last 12 quarter as it client - centric , low - inventory model work well in volatile market . it record a net loss recovery of CHF 2 million as recovery more than offset expense from new provision . in respect to it oil and gas exposure , at the end of March , it total funded and unfunded net banking product exposure decrease by CHF 600 million , to CHF 5.5 billion . this be drive by reduction in the exploration and production , as well as service and supply subsector . it recognize a credit loss expense of CHF 17 million against these exposure , include the effect of establish a collective provision , take the total provision to CHF 56 million . the idea exhibit strong expense and resource discipline . operating expense , exclude service to / from be down 26 % year - over - year and personnel expense be down 29 % , mainly reflect low expense per variable compensation . LRD be CHF 32 billion year - over - year and down CHF 6 billion from low year - end 2015 level . VaR be at it low level since 2013 and RWA be stable . corporate Center - Services record a loss before tax of CHF 211 million compare with a loss of CHF 326 million in the prior quarter , largely as the prior quarter include retained cost , reflect difference between actual annual cost incur in allocation to the business . it have refine it group asset and liability management disclosure in order to provide great transparency . income from Group ALM 's activity be disclose for the three main risk management area : business division - align risk management , capital investment and issuance , and group structural risk management . a description of these activity be provide on page 46 of it quarterly report . total risk management net income , after allocation , retain within Group ALM can vary significantly quarter to quarter . this volatility be drive by factor such as movement in basis spread and interest rate , the general market environment , which impact the consumption of liquidity and funding by business division , and the volume of buffer that it be require to hold , combine with the return it earn by manage these low - yield asset . while the retained balance for the first quarter be negative CHF 17 million , in current condition , it expect it to average around negative CHF 15 million per quarter in the short term , although there will be swing around this figure . it have organize a call for analyst and investor with Claude Moser , the Head of Group Asset Liability Management , where it will discuss Group ALM 's activity and objective and also answer question on it new disclosure . it will provide detail shortly . Group ALM operate income decrease negative CHF 27 million with a profit before tax of negative CHF 25 million as improve risk management net income , after allocation , be offset by the effect of accounting asymmetry relate to the economic hedge as well as hedge accounting ineffectiveness . profit before tax in non - core and Legacy Portfolio be negative CHF 181 million , up from negative CHF 312 million in the prior quarter as expense decrease largely due to low net expense for provision for litigation , regulatory and similar matter , and as the prior quarter include a charge of CHF 50 million for the annual UK bank levy . there be also low loss from novation and unwind activity as it take a more passive approach to reduce the remain exposure . non - core and Legacy LRD decrease by 11 % to CHF 41 billion , mainly due to low OTC - derivative exposure . and as previously highlight , it expect a slow pace of reduction in LRD relative to prior experience , with the transition from active management to natural asset decay . of course , it will actively reduce exposure , when do so be accretive to shareholder . if it look back , it have deliver over CHF 2 billion of net Corporate Center cost saving since 2011 . this include save to offset the more than CHF 0.5 billion of incremental annual ongoing regulatory cost . for the quarter , it achieve an additional annualize net cost reduction of more than CHF 100 million in the Corporate Center , bring the total saving to CHF 1.2 billion , compare with the 2013 exit rate . and it be on track to deliver CHF 1.4 billion by the second quarter . saving be largely drive by low personnel expense across Corporate Center - Services and Non - core and Legacy Portfolio . occupancy cost decrease largely as a result of it ongoing effort to improve real estate efficiency . it be fully commit to deliver CHF 2.1 billion net cost reduction target by the end of 2017 . as it have continue to make progress in it cost effort , it have identify other opportunity to generate saving of a front - to - back nature . this have give it increase confidence in it ability to deliver the full CHF 2.1 billion , despite increase ongoing regulatory cost . for example , as part of it Investment Bank 's simplification program , it do see the number of book model in it swap business and reduce it legal entity will enable streamline in the finance operation and risk function that support it . it be also continue to evolve the Wealth Management towards a more globally integrate model . this include simplify and streamline middle office support function , and create a global distribution and advisory approach , which will increase it agility and ability to serve client . it will continue to focus on capture synergy across Wealth Management and Wealth Management Americas , specifically improve collaboration around it platform . this will not only create saving as it capture additional benefit from scale , but also improve it client offering as it ensure that the good product and service available from across the globe be accessible to client . another opportunity be the review of it risk management and compliance activity and process , where it identify opportunity to eliminate overlap , streamline control , centralize support activity and enhance accountability . this will both improve it control environment and deliver efficiency and it will help improve client base and staff productivity . apart from it structured cost , it will continue to look for more tactical action to mitigate typical headwind . it capital position remain strong with a fully apply Basel III CET1 capital ratio of 14 % and a fully apply Swiss SRB leverage of 5.4 % . CET1 capital decrease as profit be more than offset negative currency translation effect and dividend accrual . detail on CET1 movement can be find on page 83 in it quarterly report . RWA increase by CHF 6 billion , drive by regulatory add - on , book size , the net excess of a revised operational risk model partly offset by currency effect . LRD increase by CHF 8 billion due to high on - balance sheet exposure in Group ALM relate to it HQLA portfolio , as well as an increase in security financing transaction exposure . these be partly offset by currency effect . it continue to build it capital position to address the revise Swiss too big to fail ordinance . in March , it issue CHF 1.4 billion of high - trigger AT1 capital , the first such transaction in 2016 attract very strong demand . it also issue CHF 1.3 billion of TLAC during the quarter and issue $ 5 billion in early April , which will contribute to it total loss absorbing capacity under the new propose capital requirement .  it . and with that , Sergio and it will now open it up for question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] the first question be from Huw van Steenis from Morgan Stanley . please go ahead , sir .  .  for it presentation . two question , really , both on cost . so , if the revenue environment do not improve , how have it , sort of , come through what additional work it would do on cost ? it mention about tactical measure , but how would it more profoundly improve the operational leverage ? and then , secondly , it mention , Kirt , it be move to a more passive stance in term of run - off at the Non - core portfolio . have it investigate whether there be benefit to take out more cost more quickly through a more accelerated trend ? and how do it think about these trade - off ?  it very much .  it , Huw . as it mention in it remark , it think , try to offset the speed of the contraction of the top line be - it would say , on a short term business , be impossible . it think that the CHF 2.1 billion initiative that it be work on be go to help over time , if these condition persist to match that environment . but it would say that it can not consider this kind of condition that it see in the first quarter as permanent as a new normal . if that would be the case , of course , it would do it good to get to an environment in which it can keep the value of the franchise and the optionality for well day in fact . it think that be take draconian action to show cost contraction for few quarter , and that would impair it ability to be there when the situation normalize would be a major mistake . so , it be very focused to do that , but there be no magic bullet to take down billion of cost in the short - term . it do think that as time go by , if this be the condition it be go to face in the industry , the industry it will be force to rethink many of the process that it be do on a stand - alone basis , on a more collective basis and try to combine and create economy of scale for the industry in a consolidated way . but it be not something that it do see happen in the next 12 month to 24 month . and that be the situation . so , it think that it have to keep it competitive position intact . and as it mention before , be very careful about not throw out the baby with the bathwater , as it do that . in term of non - core and Legacy , it think Kirt highlight that when it look at the time decay of this portfolio , it constantly look also at way to - if the opportunity present , to unwind faster , if the economic profit generate by not only the fact that capital will be release , but also the cost associate with support activity will disappear . so , it - when it say that it be go to do it in a shareholder - friendly way , it be include both cost of capital and cost that would disappear . and of course , as it be work right now in take down Corporate Center cost , the first beneficiary of that movement be indeed non - core and Legacy , because this be , in the next few year , clearly a business that be not go to be there , and therefore , it first priority be to really shrink and take it down to as close as it can to zero . Huw , let it just add to the Non - core and Legacy question , if it look at the cost structure , the majority of the cost be legal . it include such item like , last quarter , the UK bank levy , and it also include , of course , allocation from some of the support and functional cost . and as Sergio mention , it continue to take those allocation down . the opportunity to reduce direct cost be minimal at present and it will continue to work that down as it see the Non - core and Legacy Portfolio reduce over time . and it have look at other option like try to outsource the Non - core and Legacy Portfolio , but it actually find that the economic really do not work .  it , actually . the next question be from Kinner Lakhani from Deutsche Bank . please go ahead , sir . yes .  . it have a few question . firstly , just on the recur fee and commission margin within Wealth Management , which see some pressure ? it seem to indicate it be a continuation of the cross - border outflow story . it guess it question be what be the outlook from here ? be it at the end of such headwind , give that most of the regularization in Europe have happen or should it expect a regularization elsewhere in the world ? the second question be on the retained funding cost .  for the new disclosure on slide 20 . just want to try and understand this a bit better . the buyback that it execute at the end of last year , it think it would suggest some funding cost saving of CHF 170 million per annum start in 2016 . where should it see that come through ? and how do that help that line ? and then , thirdly , just on the BCBS change where obviously Basel be suggest a kicking out of the AMA model within operational risk , could it give it some guidance as to what that do for it operational rwa ? and the final question , which it ask a quarter ago , be it rote target for this year , which be stable in 2016 on 2015 . give that the Q1 rote be 8.5 % , the outlook remain relatively cautious . be it still comfortable with this target ? last year , it think it have close to 14 % rote .  it . let it take , [ indiscernible ] , it first three question , actually [ indiscernible ] in term of it recur fee margin , actually if it look at it recur fee margin overall for Wealth Management , it be 39 basis point , which be - it be be hover around 41 basis point and 40 basis point and it be slightly below where it be in the last couple of quarter . and what it have be do be that it have be implement pricing action to try to offset the impact of some of the outflow due to the regularization process . and it continue to this and also , of course , it have be address other fee and revenue opportunity . and where it be in term of that process , as it have highlight previously , be it be largely complete in Europe and it will see some remain residual outflow as it go to the next couple of quarter . and it highlight in the fourth quarter that Italy be really the last major market to go through it amnesty . also , it highlight last quarter , however , it do expect to see some outflow go forward for country outside of Europe in anticipation of the automate exchange of information and , of course , early adapter will be effective in 2017 . and that process be ongoing . also , it would expect to see outflow as other market pursue it own amnesty program as it have already see in Israel and it have see in South Africa and , of course , it be well publicize that Brazil and Russia be explore such program . and it do expect that that will impact it business during the course of this year and into next year . the margin impact it see in Wealth Management , just to kind of finally comment on that question , be really from it transaction margin which be 17 basis point as it highlight in the first quarter , the low that it have see . normally , in a typical first quarter , transaction margin will run around 24 basis point , 25 basis point . so it be substantially below typical level . now , in term of it retain funding cost , what it announce with the buyback in the fourth quarter be that it would expect to see about CHF 187 million of benefit that would begin to flow through this year . now , it be already see that in the first quarter , and it expect that that should continue to pick up as it go through the next couple of quarter . and that really be embed in the overall net income from risk management activity after allocation that it highlight . so , that be already reflect in the CHF 17 million negative net income that it see in the first quarter . and it be also already reflect in the negative CHF 15 million that it guide on a go - forward basis although with some degree of volatility . now , for it third question on bcbs change , just first of all , just to remind it that , at present , under the expected TBTF 2 ordinance , LRD will be it bind constraint . and it would need to see about 50 % increase in an RWA for RWA to become it bind constraint . now , clearly BCBS have come out with guidance across - standard guidance across operate risk , market risk and credit risk . and clearly , of course , it have assess that the current guidance and also be participate in ongoing qis . now , it would highlight that there still be quite a bit of clarification that need to be provide , for example , in term of ultimate floor and where it end up or in term of the interplay between internal model and standard across it different business . and obviously , in term of what ultimately get adopt by FINMA and implement in Switzerland . so , therefore , it would not make sense for it to provide any guidance consistent with it past . however , it would highlight - and it have indicate this in it earning report that if the current rule be to be implement , it would clearly see a very significant increase in it RWA . Sergio , it be not sure , if it want comment on RoTE . on RoTE , it think it be clearly still too early to update it expectation on return on tangible equity . and it will probably be in a well position at the end of this quarter to do that . of course , the macro assumption underlie it business plan , in particular , in respect of the yield curve in U.S. dollar shift dramatically . if it look at the overall assumption on GDP growth in the globe and wealth creation have change . so , the situation from a beta spend point of view be clearly not the one that it have be plan over the year , and particularly towards the end of 2015 . but as it highlight in it outlook statement , it think that it be well - position to capture even - and benefit from even a moderate improvement of the situation . and if it go back into last year volatility on RoTE , it think that although the situation and the reason be maybe different , but there be high degree of volatility on this number . so , it be really too early to say that , but of course , current market condition , as it mention before , can not be see as a new normal and as a final outcome for the full year 2016 . great .  , Sergio and Kirt . the next question be from Al Alevizakos from HSBC . please go ahead , sir . Alevizos Alevizakos hi .  .  for take it question . it first question be basically on the return on equity of the Investment Bank . it just mention once again that the LRD seem to be the bind constraint and still it allocate the capital use this kind of allocation , use also capital and then leverage , et cetera , and it say that the ROE of the business be about 19 % . even though it seem that if it do it on an lrd basis , this be actually close to 10 % . still wonder why it be not do it base on the kind of high equity that be need and it do it like on an amalgamation . and then the second question be the mandate penetration go back to 27 % , which be actually good . it just want to confirm that the target remain at 40 % . and then , what be the way that it can actually accelerate this ? and therefore , what be go to be the impact on it P&L , if it do it ? be it go to be mostly on the cost - to - income ratio or mostly on the revenue ?  .  it , Al . in term of it equity attribution framework and it have be very , very consistent and transparent over the last several year on it framework and it provide detail in it Annual Report and also update in it quarterly earning . in addition to that , of course , it update the framework every year when it go through it planning process . and it equity attribution framework reflect it strategy and it business model . and it business model be that Group Treasury and ALM specifically manage liquidity on behalf of the business division . and through it fund transfer pricing framework , it allocate liquidity cost and funding cost back to the business . it also maintain a flexible resource usage model , so that it give flexibility to the business to flex and increase and reduce the resource . and it see that that benefit BID , for example , during the quarter , where it reduce and maintain very well level of resource consumption when opportunity be not available in the market . but also , it would highlight that it provide a full transparency so that it can actually make any assessment and make any adjustment base on alternative strategy and business model . and it be fully confident that if it do that under really any alternative , all of it business would more than cover it cost of equity and actually would show quite resilient and strong performance . now , in term of the mandate penetration , the 40 % target be still active and it be one that the business be pursue . it have indicate that it expect that over the medium - term . as it continue to increase penetration of mandate , clearly that will provide a margin improvement overall to it invest asset . and that should show up both in term of revenue , but also , in term of cost to income , as it really should not have very substantial incremental cost associate from migrate it client from a self - direct product to a mandate , give that it mandate platform be fully automate and fully straight - through . Alevizos Alevizakos okay . and if it may , a final question on the LRD . so , it can see that this quarter , it increase for the two reason that it highlight ; basically the increase in the secured financing transaction and also the fact that it have to increase it liquidity portfolio ahead of the IHC finalization . so , what it be try to understand be it have get this aspiration of CHF 950 billion of LRD . and it be try to understand the difference between the current figure and CHF 950 billion , will it be mainly cover by regulatory kind of request or will it be like just actually increase the portfolio in the Wealth Management business , because obviously it make a difference on how it should think about the revenue go forward . yeah . it should clarify very importantly that the CHF 950 billion be not an aspiration . what it have indicate be that that be an expectation that it have over the short to medium - term . and it model , and it be very consistent with what it outline in term of how treasury work , be a flexible model whereby if there be opportunity in the market that , base on client activity , that it have fully justify from an economic return perspective to increase resource usage , then it would expect the business to increase the level of balance sheet that it be deploy for it business . so , what it see in a quarter , where client activity be very , very , very low , there be low demand such as in the first quarter and also in the fourth quarter of last year that the level of LRD it deploy in the business use be very low and actually reduce considerably during the fourth quarter , remain relatively low level during the first quarter . it would expect that to continue . if the environment improve , it would expect that it would see an increase in LRD accordingly that that would then show up in term of it overall result and it would manage towards that CHF 950 billion overall expectation in the short to medium - term . also , it would just re - highlight that , as it see in the first quarter , the increase be due to security financing transaction and also , as it highlight , HQLA requirement and as well and this be important because the liability side and the liability activity also generate lrd increase . it be also an increase cash that it see relate to client risk , risk preference , as well as the net new money activity that also result in an increase in it lrd . Alevizos Alevizakos okay . excellent .  it , Kirt . the next question be from Andrew Coombs from Citigroup . please go ahead .  . three question please on capital cost and on net new money , especially on capital . and it notice on page 83 at the move in it Core Tier 1 capital , CHF 581 million of the move be attribute to other . Can it just confirm what portion of that CHF 581 million relate to the dividend accrual ? and the reason it ask be even if it see all of it relate to the dividend accrual , it would appear that it be accrue as dividend broadly in line with last year 's ordinary dividend , and despite it statement , it be aim to grow the ordinary dividend . that be the first question . the second question would just be on the memo that be be send to Wealth Management staff , talk about new Wealth Management structure from July 1 talk about delayere reduction in personnel , hundred of million of potential cost save . just to clarify , if those cost save associate with that new Wealth Management structure already embed into a CHF 2.1 billion cost reduction target by 2017 . and then , the final question should be on the net new money , very impressive during the first quarter , run well above it 3 % to 5 % target run rate in Wealth Management . on the date it be be report , do it expect net new money to moderate for the remainder of the year ? and be that because it - it think there be some lumpy one - off , ultra - high net worth inflow in the first quarter , as it relate to the aforementione amnesty that it speak about ? it would be great if it get more color on the net new money direction .  it . okay . it maybe take the last two question and then Kirt will take the first one . let it start with net new money . it think that the volatility , as it mention before , it see volatility on net new money in the last few quarter . and , for sure , when it look at this quarter , one positive effect be that it have less outflow due to cross - border . so , that be - a couple of negative headwind that it see in the previous quarter be not there . although it see a moderate deleveraging during Q1 of around CHF 2 billion , less than CHF 2 billion , it think that be also clearly a positive development . it think that because it keep focus on quality rather than quantity , it can not extrapolate the first quarter result into the rest of the year like it do it in the past . it never extrapolate result that be below it range in the past . it be not go to extrapolate it now . the only constant thing it want to keep be the quality of this flow . and there be nothing that it would consider extraordinary in term of nature . it think that it always have those dynamic affect net new money . but if it look at the pattern , it be still very much Asia , consistent story also in a seasonal manner and also ultra - high net worth . when it look at the U.S. , the story be quite different because , clearly , there it see the impact of new hire have a strong effect , like it already see in the fourth quarter . but that be the reason why if it want to keep quality , it need to keep it corridor of 3 % to 5 % and 2 % to 4 % , as it report in the past . in respect of the Wealth Management reorganization that it mention , what it be modify be really the organizational structure , and particularly in respect to new velocity and the interaction between new velocity of back end to the front end . so , the impact on it front end will be extremely limited . and this be the reason why it describe this kind of cost saving under Corporate Center , because the nature - the vast majority of those process be usually do there . and so , Wealth Management will benefit over time through a reduction of allocate cost to these business . and it be now basically go into execution of those plan , something that it have be plan for a few month . and now be the right time after have complete a huge transformation in Wealth Management over the last few year . so , the migration to a cross - border [ indiscernible ] environment that it see in the last few year in Switzerland , the reorganization of it CIO activity , the reorganization of it IPS end product , so all these be basically the pillar and the base [ indiscernible ] go and face the next phase . it mean , it be rationalize , like in the Investment Bank , legal entity . so , all those measure be allow it now to go to the next level of execution of efficiency . and as it mention before , it be very important for it to minimize and really be careful about not change too much into the client - face nature . it do not want client advisor to be affect , other than have more productivity and well environment to operate and serve it client . Andrew , just to turn back to it first question , the other that it see report on page 83 in it earning presentation as it footnote include it dividend accrual , however , it do not provide any additional disclosure on what else be in other . but the aim be still to grow the ordinary dividend this year ? it have state very clearly it dividend policy . it will continue to return more than 50 % capital of net profit attribute to shareholder . it intent certainly be to be progressive and clearly , depend on the environment , it will do everything possible to protect it baseline . the next question be from Kian Abouhossein from JPMorgan . please go ahead . Kian Abouhossein yes . hi .  for take it question . the first question be relate to Asia and just the geographical mix of earning . if it look at current mix , roughly 20 % of the profit be come from Asia compare to 30 % in full year of 2015 . and look like the main delta be the IB . it be just wonder how it see the ib develop with an improve exit - March into the second quarter and maybe it can also briefly discuss how that have impact it Wealth Management business . just wonder if there have be some improvement in the environment relative to what it have see through the first quarter . the second question be on cost . the CHF 1.2 billion cost saving be very difficult for it to reconcile consider that it have these ongoing regulatory expense , but it also have regulatory program expense , which more or less offset it chf 1.2 billion . it be wonder , how should it think about regulatory expense offset ongoingly potentially it Corporate Center cost program ? and why do not it see Corporate Center staff decline ? if it look year - on - year , it be actually roughly up 1 % in the Service area . Could it please discuss those point ?  . it think , Kian , [ indiscernible ] if it look at it performance in Asia , and it think as it know , there be a slight increase from the fourth quarter in the IB . and that be clearly off of a very , very poor fourth quarter that it see with some slight improvement , although still a very challenging ... Kian Abouhossein sorry to interrupt it , but clearly , the first quarter should be strong than fourth quarter . so , it be look more full year 2015 , where it generate 30 % of group profit from Asia , compare to 20 % in the first quarter ? Kian Abouhossein and it be just try to understand - and if it take ib divide by four full year , then it look like it revenue be much , much weak compare to last year . yeah . what it see last year , Kian , be that first half of the year be extremely strong in Asia Pacific , and it be extremely favorable , in particular , for it Investment Banking business in Asia Pacific , where it see exceptional derivative performance , exceptional structural derivative performance , which also align with the performance that it have in it Wealth Management business . and it also see very good , a very good environment for it CCS business . now , that taper off slightly towards the second half of the year . but , really , the very strong performance in Asia be drive by the first half of the year . and of course , the first quarter be more consistent with what it see in the second half of the year in term of Asia performance , which be why it see that taper off slightly . it be a very consistent story for it Wealth Management business as well from a regional perspective . Kian Abouhossein and it do not see any improve trend as it hear from some other player that as it go through March , thing have improve and also into April ? all it would say be that it still be very committed strategically to Asia Pacific . it continue to invest . it announce that it open it Shanghai branch during the first quarter . and what it should expect from it be consistent investment over time . and while there have be some stabilization of market , the market have remain very , very volatile , and that still impact client sentiment . so it have not see a very substantial change in term of how it client be view the market . maybe to turn to it question about it expense program , just to clarify , what it have communicate be that it net cost saving be net of it permanent regulatory expense . now , it also report temporary regulatory expense . and what it have communicate before be it temporary regulatory expense from initiative , very large initiative relate to address regulatory requirement be expect to be around CHF 700 million in 2016 , which be roughly in line with what it see in 2015 . and what it have also highlight in term of it CHF 2.1 billion target be that it expect to achieve that by , of course , it exit rate 2017 , while absorb the permanent portion of it regulatory expense . and it have also highlight that the permanent portion of it regulatory expense be around CHF 500 million in 2015 . and it expect at least an additional CHF 200 million in permanent regulatory expense as it work it way through the next year - and - a - half , and as it absorb the ongoing permanent requirement of some of those initiative that it be currently pursue . and the CHF 2.1 billion though will be net of that CHF 200 million increase . Kian Abouhossein and so it regulatory program expense , it should then decline to zero ? base of decline , but as it say , it expect that there be roughly at least CHF 200 million that will be associate with ongoing permanent cost to be able to manage those program once it bring the initiative it to closure , and that be the portion that it expect to offset . Kian Abouhossein and the 24,000 that it have in service people , why be it not decline , and when should it expect it to decline ? it expense program be focus on overall cost , and not on head count . it be not manage the program to target head count number , because within overall head count of course what would drive cost be the location of that head count , and it have be progressively move it head count out of high cost location into it service center and into low cost location , and it expect that to continue . in addition , of course , it be the real estate that be occupy that by that head count . and it see that actually it real estate expense come down in the first quarter . also , it think it will see some timing difference in term of when it hire incremental people . for example , it hire people in the first quarter , actually mostly related to address the regulatory requirement , and when it continue to progress it structural initiative . Kian Abouhossein okay .  it . the next question be from Fiona Swaffield from RBC . please go ahead . Fiona Swaffield hi .  . it just have question on two area . on the RWA side this quarter , where be it [ indiscernible ] it mean , it seem to have quite a big number for regulatory multiplier . and where be it relative to it chf 5 billion to CHF 6 billion , it think that that be what it be indicate it should see per annum , do it think that it could be high than that ? and then on leverage exposure , it understand it be not willing to give anything on rwa , but there be be a relatively specific leverage paper out as well . but directionally , where do it think it leverage exposure could go under that new proposal ?  very much . in term of RWA , as it indicate in it first quarter earning disclosure last year , that it expect that the multiplier that have be impose by FINMA for it mortgage portfolio , as well as for investment banking portfolio , to progressively be implement over the four year from last year first quarter . and eventually , it have an impact of CHF 27 billion increase in it RWA requirement . and as it highlight , it see some of those multiplier come into effect during the first quarter . that be the big reason for the increase in rwa that it have report . it will continue to see those multiplier come into effect as it go through the rest of the year and as it go through the next couple of year . from an LRD perspective , it have assess , of course , some of the recent change in guideline that have come out , and again those be still preliminary and it do expect further clarification . it have a mixed impact on it overall lrd requirement , that there be some that be positive and there be some that be negative , and it be still determine what the overall impact will be , and also , of course , it be still wait for the final guidance and how it be actually eventually implement in Switzerland . Fiona Swaffield  very much . the next question be from Andrew Stimpson from Bank of America . please go ahead . Andrew Stimpson  , everyone . so a couple of question from it , firstly on cost . cost flex in the IB actually look pretty impressive , it think , with comp down by 29 % year - on - year , so match revenue there . how much extra flex be there in that number ? because to it it must imply there be almost no variable comp in that number for the quarter , which may be very correct and some people may like that , but it seem unlikely that could be sustainable for the full year . so if it could talk around any extra flex it have on cost there , or whether it be really down to fix comp cost there now . and then secondly , Kirt , it say it be do some pricing action it have take on Wealth Management . it be just wonder , how much room be there leave for it to do that ? it have get a pretty long list of bank now who be really push growth in the Wealth Management division . be it see any effect from competitor on pricing or cost ? and it note there be also on personnel cost , it be actually up 1 % year - on - year , and revenue be down 10 % year - on - year . it know it mention there be a new healthcare program , but that should not account for too much , it would not have think . so be it find that cost be a bit less flexible in Wealth Management due to competition for talent and staff there perhaps ? and then lastly , on capital , it take a bit of a hit this quarter despite make the profit . it look like it accrue all the profit for dividend , which it be sure some people like . but be there any plan there to add in a leverage requirement for it dividend policy ? it say that the LRD be go to be it capital constraint , but the risk - weight asset metric be what it guy be use for it dividend policy . so it seem that , maybe at one stage , those two may have to come together .  it . yes . in term of it first question , clearly , if revenue be to go down further on the Investment Bank , it would expect and it should expect to see further reduction in compensation . so there be flex if it accrue on a variable basis . obviously as well , as Sergio , highlight and it also re - highlight , it should expect to see some level , a responsible level of tactical action that it ib and all it business continue to take as it go through the year , and so it see some level of normalization of condition . so it assumption that there be zero flexibility be not correct . in term of pricing , it have be progressively implement pricing action across it Wealth Management business . and it think there be still some remain opportunity . however , the real opportunity , particularly in it Wealth Management international business be around discount . and it think that , just in general , that be an area that have be under focus on to - date , and that be where it see some real upside over the next couple of year . now , overall , if it look at the talent and the pressure on cost , clearly , in some market particularly Asia Pacific , naturally , it continue to see some pressure on cost . but it actually do not see that the cost pressure from an industry perspective be anything that be more intense now than it be over the last couple of year . it still feel very comfortable with the cost - to - income guidance that it provide for both it Wealth Management and it Wealth Management Americas business . now , as it highlight in it wma business , there be some increase year - on - year in it personnel expense . it do highlight that actually there be a reasonably stiff one - time expense relate to the establishment or the migration to it new healthcare program . in addition to that , naturally , it would see , as it increase the level of it recruit , there be some initial upfront cost for on - boarding and that be natural . so it will also see some of that come through . although as it digest , of course , those new recruit , it invest asset and it revenue come on board . it actually should see that start to favor it cost - to - income ratio overall . now , finally , it talk about it capital , and so what it see , what it highlight in term of it CET1 be that , yes , there be dividend accrual , but in addition to that it actually have a fairly stiff foreign currency translation loss that it realize in the first quarter . so it be the combination of both of those that offset it net profit attributable to shareholder . Andrew Stimpson okay . and then it plan to add a leverage constraint on the dividend . in term of it leverage ratio , as it have highlight several time , it will take the full period in order to achieve a too - big - to - fail leverage requirement . and what it see during the first quarter be it make very , very good progress in AT1 and also on bail - enable bond . if it look at it total TLAC ratio , actually , it improve quite substantially from 6.2 % to 6.7 % . and then it will continue to make progress and take full advantage of the glide path that be available . Andrew Stimpson Kian ,  it very much . the next question be from Stefan Stalmann from Autonomous Research . please go ahead . Stefan Stalmann  , gentleman . it have three question , please . the first one go back to the new money flow in Wealth Management . it notice that it be also hedge the first quarter CHF 9 billion of deposit inflow , which seem to be quite a high proportion relative to the CHF 15.5 billion of net new money flow . and also , it confirm the attitude of quality over quantity . but these deposit flow still look very , very large relative to the new money flow in the first quarter . be there anything particular go on ? the second question regard CET1 . it do have a bit of problem reconcile the movement in CET1 with the movement in shareholder equity . for instance , in shareholder equity , there be an CHF 800 million negative foreign translation , foreign currency translation effect , and in CET1 there be only about CHF 300 million . at the same time , there be treasury share purchase and share award effect affect shareholder equity , and it could not spot it in the CET1 reconciliation . Could it maybe add a little bit more color on the move part here ? and the final question in the Investment Bank , the Financing Solutions revenue line be unusually weak . it seem to be very stable typically in this quarter . it be down almost by half year - on - year . be there anything to point out there at all ?  it very much .  it , Stefan . in term of net new money , as it observe , there be a chf 9 billion increase in cash in it Wealth Management business , and there be two driver there ; one be just in response to the risk environment , it do have some client that move out of investment into cash , and what it would expect there be over time as the environment normalize , it would expect to see those client move back into investment and out of cash . and so it would see that as a natural reallocation of asset in response to the environment and risk appetite . now , in addition to that , there be also some cash inflow relate to it net new money , and typically what happen be the inflow come with a fairly high concentration in cash . normally , it can be up to 50 % . and what it typically see be that it take about three month to six month before that cash be put to work as it go through it assessment of it client 's wealth management objective . it run through the planning process , it risk appetite , et cetera , and it come up with an appropriate plan to invest it money , and it see over time actually that that cash get put to work than it see it diminish , and it would expect to see that over the next couple of quarter . in term of it CET1 question , the difference between the CHF 800 million in foreign currency translation impact that it see in it shareholder ' equity , and what it actually see in it CET1 be just the fact that it shareholder ' equity , of course , have much high level of overall balance of roughly CHF 54 billion versus CHF 29.9 billion . and so therefore , it have high exposure naturally to foreign currency position . and so therefore , the loss from the swiss franc appreciation be more pronounce in it shareholder ' equity than it be in it CET1 . in term of the treasury movement , it be typically - particularly , when it go and it hedge and it pay out of it hedge for it treasury stock , that movement be reflect in shareholder retain earning , and it do not fully flow through to CET1 . it final question on the Investment Bank and Financing Solutions , it be absolutely right . it actually see a very weak quarter for Financing Solutions . and there , it just see a lot of low corporate derivative activity , and it also see a compression of margin just give the environment . and so it really be relate to the very challenging environment that it be see . maybe , Kirt , let it add on this last point because it think that when it look at the year - on - year comparison , it have to go back into [ indiscernible ] it have . and clearly , the first half of last year be highly skewed towards APAC . and also , structurally speak , in the last couple of quarter , it see more activity in the U.S. where on a relative basis , it be not as strong as it be in the rest of the world . so that be the first one . the second one , it would add , be also the kind of business model it have be a balance sheet light also in financing . and therefore , it be lose the recur NII contribution of have those portfolio . and in addition to that , if it look at credit loss , in comparison in the two business model , it see a fairly moderate credit loss environment for it in CCS and financing because it be balance sheet light compare to people that maybe have a big business and a more robust top line dynamic , but on the other end , when it look at long lose provision , it see the negative effect . so it guess it do not take away what Kirt say , those be really weak number , but there be some reconciliation that it can bring it back into a more normalized comparison . Stefan Stalmann great .  it very much . the next question be Amit Goel from Exane . please go ahead . hi .  it . Most of it question have be answer , but one other question , which it guess be more of a H2 point . but , just on the defer tax asset , be it still right to assume CHF 500 million benefit for this year , or just look at the Americas ' profitability , it guess it be down a little bit year - on - year because there be the UK decay effect . Should it be expect a slightly low number for the full year ?  it . yes , Amit . it guess , as it have consistently communicate on it DTA just firstly to re - highlight that as it increase the number of year that it recognize , it internal threshold become more challenging , and as it highlight therefore , it certainly do not expect an additional year of realization during 2016 . now , also as it highlight , it review it DTA every year as part of it three - year planning process , and base on last year 's three - year plan , it indicate that it would expect a CHF 500 million of additional recognition to take place this year , and that continue to be it expectation , of course , until it go through it three - year planning exercise . now , as it do mention , there be right now a potential for the UK to reduce the percentage of profit that be available for DTA offset from 50 % to 25 % , as it have highlight in it earning report . that could result in a CHF 150 million impairment of it UK DTA . and it will have to wait to see if that will come into effect . if it do , certainly , then it actually would see that as a potential offset to the CHF 500 million . okay .  it . the next question be from Andrew Lim from Socit Gnrale . please go ahead . hi . morning .  for take it question . it just want a bit more clarity on the [ indiscernible ] , please , particularly it commitment to make it progressive . it seem a bit vague . and it just want to know at what point would it not be progressive . do it take into account like the leverage ratio , or be it more the case that the stressed CET1 ratio may fall below 10 % , or do it think about the payout ratio as the EPS maybe come under pressure the payout ratio , maybe reach an unacceptable level ? so it just want a bit more say , quantitative element to how it think about that . and then secondly , in Wealth Management Americas on slide seven , it obviously show a healthy increase in the NII due to the U.S. rate increase . and it just want to know whether there be any follow through in that effect into the second quarter , be there a one - quarter benefit there ?  it . yeah .  it , Andrew . well , it guess the clarity it need , it want to know how much it be go to pay this year . and at the end of the first quarter it be impossible to assess that number . it think that it have be quite clear in it policy . it do not think it be vague . it be quite clearly articulate . it say that it be go to pay at least 50 % of net profit attributable to shareholder . it say that it be - it intention be to have a progressive baseline dividend over time . of course , at the end of the first quarter it be very difficult to assess how much it be go to pay during the year . but also , in respect of capital build - up , be leverage ratio constraint , or any other constraint , it also say that it be go to use the appropriate time to build up those capital target . so of course , it priority in this environment be for sure to protect it baseline dividend . and it aim still , as it speak , be to implement it progressive dividend policy . but of course , it need to see how market condition change . it be very difficult to give more clarity than what it just mention . it think that it be go to retain capital only in order to be able to invest for growth and to fulfill it capital requirement over time . the rest be available for shareholder and the policy be clear . yes , Andrew . just in term of it question on net interest income , the impact that it be see flow through during the first quarter be reflective of the action that the Fed already take , the move that it have already make . it think any further improvement will depend on future move by the Fed , which of course , be more in question than it be when it initially develop it plan last year . that be great .  , Sergio and Kirt . the next question be from Jeremy Sigee from Barclays . please go ahead . hi . just a couple of quick follow - on question on the flow please , which be very strong obviously in Europe and Asia . it just wonder on the Asia flow , could it just talk , could it characterize those flow perhaps in term of wealth creation flow versus flight - to - safety kind of flow , maybe sort of talk about which sort of asset it be come into , whether it be mandate , risk asset , balanced or sort of cash - heavy . and then in Europe , could it talk about which bit of Europe or what the driver be behind that surprisingly strong number ? yes , Jeremy . in term of Asia Pacific , as it can probably reconcile , it also report a very strong ultra - high net worth flow . and Asia Pacific actually be a region where it have high concentration in ultra - high net worth . and so logically , a large portion of those inflow be from ultra - high net worth client . it think it be in term of the asset and where it be invest , it be a fairly diverse portfolio of investment as it mention . initially , when those flow typically come in , it tend to be more cash - orient . and then over time , it be invest as it work through strategy with it client . and so it will actually see how those asset get position over the next couple of quarter . from a Europe perspective , it do highlight that it have in particular one very large inflow that be partially offset by an outflow . but beyond that , it do not provide any further disclosure on which market or where the flow come from . and the european flow , be there any element of money that have flow out through regularization process come back in , or be it really a different pot of money that be be attract ? more generally , it be not relate to flow that previously leave the bank . it be more related to new flow that be come in both from exist client and new client . but it be [ indiscernible ] . okay .  it . share wallet , yes , it be more share wallet than anything else .  it very much . the next question be from Jernej Omahen from Goldman Sachs . please go ahead . hey .  from it side as well . it just have one question leave and it continue on page six . so this net new money figure , which be obviously , it guess , a huge number in any respect , the CHF 15.5 billion . Sergio , it make a comment frequently over the past week that UBS be very selective when it take on new client business and very price sensitive . Can it ask a question , what could this number have be have it drop it price sensitivity here ? and secondly , it guess , the implication of say UBS be price - sensitive be the less attractive business go somewhere else . Can it ask it , do it think that it have lose - or do it think UBS rather at least give up share to other private bank in order to stay price - discipline ? and finally , and it be not expect it to be company specific here , but just it guess , generalize , who do it think be take up the net new money in the sector that UBS be turn away ?  it very much .  it , Jernej . well , it would say that , again , when it look at it net new money , it be , as Kirt already mention before , it really look at different measure and target that it have set against those inflow . it think it be much easy when it be talk about net new money , share of wallet come from exist client . it know exactly how it behave , how it invest , and then it can put a probability of it assumption be correct at a much high level than , for example , if it have an acquisition of a new client that bring only cash , which , whatever due diligence it need to do , it be go to have a different - probably a different visibility about how this money will translate into asset . so depend on those element , it have a set of metric that it use , and it believe have be prove to be quite important and indicative of future pattern . it think that be - because it do that , it aim be to reduce the probability of not take on board money that it think could have be profitable . so if it make a decision that , like it do in Q2 and Q3 and partially also in Q4 to exit money or to invite client to look for other alternative , it basically have a good indication of what be go to happen . so it be difficult to say that it think it lose money somewhere else that would have be accretive to it . it mean , it hope it be not the case , and the probability be very low . maybe some other people do benefit from that . it be difficult for it to comment . it will not comment on that . it be not it task to comment on competitor 's dynamic . but it do believe that keep that discipline create also a clarity of interaction with it client about what it be aim , and what it aim for from it , and it be go to continue to do that in the future . 