it will start by repeat that this year have be a steady year for the company where all it business deliver on it growth investment . the record production at Zinc business , robust turn around Electrosteel post acquisition , improve cost structure in aluminum and last but not the least nearly 35 new well hook up and the gas project just come online anytime now in Oil & Gas business be good building block of growth in each of it business . some of the key highlight for the quarter and the year . ebitda for the year be at $ 3.4 billion which be 14 % down year - on - year majorly due to uncontrollable factor such as price , input commodity inflation and the copper smelter shutdown yet a robust EBITDA margin of 29 % . strong end to the year 's cash with the free cash flow post CapEx at $ 1.2 billion , up 29 % . contribute to the Exchecker for the year be significantly high and about $ 6.2 billion FY'18 be $ 5.4 billion . with a strong close to FY'19 , it believe it be gear up for a volume growth and a competitive cost position in FY'20 . it have a detailed income statement in the appendix , a few key update from that . depreciation for the year be drive by growth capex and impairment reversal end FY'18 in the oil & gas business and for FY'20 , it will continue to see an increase trend in line with high capitalization and growth plan . second , investment revenue for FY'19 be high , mainly on account of the mark - to - mark gain about $ 103 million on the cash investment make by it subsidiary to a purchase of economic interest in the structured investment in Anglo American Plc firm Vulcan though be partially offset by low investment copper post dividend . investment income for FY'20 should continue at the current level of around 7 % pre - tax and subject to mark - to - mark on the portfolio include dissent about it structure . on finance cost , fy'19 , it increase largely due to acquisition debt of electrosteel and increase in benchmark rate primarily in India which be transmit to it give that 65 % of the borrowing be iron ore and be variable in nature in term of interest rate . for FY'20 , the average cost of the debt book will increase marginally due to the focus on maturity expansion partially offset by stable or decline interest rate scenario cycle that have just start and a free cash flow generation from three key business of aluminum , zinc and oil post CapEx perhaps help it to de - lever as a operating entity . before move on to the next page . it would like to draw it attention again to Venkat 's update on the KCM situation and the effort . due to those factor list by it , carry value test be conduct include sensitivity on key variable with the conclusion that low impairment be require in the account in the year end account . however , if the various effort include the late development be not to succeed then there could be significant risk of impairment in the future . it will keep all the investor and loan holder update accordingly . move on to the next page , on EBITDA bridge , as it can see on this page it full year EBITDA be 14 % low as compare to last year . as it mention earlier , exclude pretty much price , input commodity investment , copper shutdown and on - off , it be sort of flattish in nature . much of the volume gain be offset by cost issue in aluminum , which have be correct largely by the end of the year fy ' 19 . the guidance which it cover in detail should give it confidence and reassurance as it start deliver in FY ' 20 . pardon it , now move on to the next page , on net debt . as it can see on this page it have generate $ 1.2 billion from operation post capital expenditure , almost 35 % of EBITDA . full year work capital be positive , with good relief from tax balance include refund , work capital initiative and control . it will discuss CapEx further in detail on the next page , but important to mention that CapEx for the year be within the guidance give at the beginning of the year . as it know , it subsidiary company primarily Vedanta Limited and Hindustan Zinc , have a board approve dividend policy to pay minimum 30 % of it profit after tax as dividend . strong cash generation at these company over the last few year have ensure robust dividend more than the minimum stipulate as for policy be pay by it to Vedanta Resources . the average dividend yield for the last three year have be a healthy 8 % approximately . as a majority shareholder , the company have benefit by have strong liquidity available for it use . move on further to the next page on financial and return profile . it focus on balance sheet management continue . it refinance it fy ' 19 maturity well in advance in H1 it . on the back of continue operational performance and cash flow the excellent banking relationship as well , it be able to efficiently refinance it requirement . it have be able to hold it average borrowing cost at around 7.5 % for the full year . again , as a reminder , most of it debt be INR debt at the outflow . it INR investment on the other hand be rate Tier 1 by the premium rating agency in India CRISIL and with the evolve market situation , especially around the nonbanke financial institution and the general liquidity in that market , the portfolio be be monitor very closely on a regular basis . it relationship with the bank and capital market participant remain strong and it continue to work on further widening as well as deepen it access to the market . it recently post the year inflow raise $ 1 billion through new issue of bond at Vedanta Resources to refinance it near - term maturity . the bond at an average maturity of about 5.8 year be a dual tranche - bond . out of the $ 1 billion profit , it have utilize around 850 million already as prepayment of the various bank term loan fall due in the next 18 month already at the beginning of the year it . this have result in the maturity profile of the debt go up to about 3.5 year as of the end of March ' 19 . this be also the large high yield usd bond issuance from India since January 2018 . Vedanta 's comfortable liquidity with cash and cash equivalent of about $ 5.6 billion at the close of the fiscal year and undrawn line of credit of approximately $ 1 billion . on the next page on CapEx it capital allocation strategy discipline distribution towards achieve the overall objective of maximize return to shareholder , de - lever the balance sheet and to invest in the next phase of growth project . it capex over the year have be largely self funded and will continue with that even in fiscal FY'20 . it be invest in project with robust hurdle rate of 15 % to 20 % and be self fund by the respective business segment . follow this guide principle , next year , it CapEx spend would be around $ 1.4 billion , primarily in oil & gas and zinc sector , which will drive strong operating performance and high volume in FY'20 and beyond . it regularly review the market and business environment to ensure that CapEx be spend rightly and may pull back if need give if the situation so demand . overall , it continue to allocate capital prudently , focus on good cash flow through increase volume and lower cost , increase efficiency , thus fund robust shareholder return . 