as it know , it have be talk about strong fundamental for zinc over the last 6 month . it continue to believe that zinc still look strong among the metal pack . along with zinc , silver have also have a good run in calendar year 2016 . so , it go through this slide with key on the global cost curve , Hindustan Zinc operate the low quartile in the cost curve . it also note that the cost reflect the curve be before silver byproduct credit . if it be to take into account silver byproduct credit , these cash cost be further reduce to about $ 500 per ton . concentrate market continue to be in deficit and that become visible when it look at spot Tc / Rcs . give the fact that Tc / Rcs be under pressure , that mean the smelter be continuously find it difficult to support concentrate post closure of a number of old mine and that do suggest even more fiscal tightening of the metal in the come month . so , it do expect zinc – it find zinc to stay in deficit and this deficit with slow improvement in demand be draw the inventory from LME and the chinese and other exchange warehouse , which be now at a 6-year low . so , it look specifically at Zinc India and Hindustan Zinc , mined metal for the quarter be 192,000 ton , 50 % – 51 % high sequentially in accordance with the mine plan . refine metal production be also high in line with the mine plan . it be move ahead , as it have say , with the extension of Rampura Agucha open pit with the modify stage 5 now limit the incremental pit depth from what have be 50 meter to now be 30 meter . and with this improvise plan which also significantly reduce it pre - stripping with accelerated ore production , so the pit would be expect to be complete by March of 2018 . move over to the SK mine , it be on track to expand this mine from 3.75 million ton to 4.5 million ton a year by ramp up production from decline . preparatory work on the erection of the main shaft have commence , while the development work on the shaft be progress well . so , there be no change in full year guidance for Zinc India , with mined metal production in the second half to be significantly high than the first half and cost will be sequentially low as it increase production in the second half as compare to the first half . move over to Southern Africa with Zinc International , second quarter production be low due to a maintenance shutdown that be plan at the Black Mountain . cost of production move up to low production at Black Mountain . last year , it mention in a period of low zinc price that it be defer the pre - strip at skorpion for the next pit layback . now of course , zinc price have recover , it be work towards that skorpion pit extension and anticipate to start early next quarter , next – that ’ fourth quarter of this year . and this will extend mine life by 2 year . hence with that , it be also plan to defer the roster CapEx for a couple of year . the reason it be do that , as it mention earlier , it have a tight concentrate market . so what it find be that it can go in and market all of it Gamsberg concentrate without the need of a roster for the near future . it will look at that on a year - by - year basis as it go forward . in term of outlook , it production guidance for the year be 170,000 ton to 180,000 ton , and it would expect cost of production in the second half at about $ 1,200 per ton . it continue to be very excited with the Gamsberg zinc project . pre - strip be well underway . first work in Gamsberg be expect in the mid - calendar year of 2018 and it will wrap up full capacity of 250,000 ton in 9 month to 12 month after that . it have put in some of the major order already and it would expect that zinc at Gamsberg will come on stream in net deficit zinc concentrate and physical zinc market and generate strong return for shareholder . let it now move on to Cairn and the oil and gas business . mangala EOR production increase 24 % over the quarter . overall Rajasthan production remain stable . water flood cost [ Technical Difficulty ] 1.25 million ton sequence and about 325,000 ton smelter . as it mention , it have incident of power outage at Jharsuguda and BALCO smelter due to power failure and pot failure . fortunately , it have no injury . however , it be disappointed with these outage and it realize it need to work much better on a safe and sustainable running and more stable running of these operation . it be take all necessary step to mitigate the impact of these incident and it be able to broadly maintain the production guidance . it would expect to exit production run rate for the quarter be 1.1 million ton per annum , exclude trial run production . the second one be Jharsuguda commissioning of start in July and will be gradually complete in the course of the year . and it plan to commence the ramp - up of the third line from November ahead of it early plan in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 . and this again be one way of mitigate for the year the effect of the hot line failure in the second line . it benefit from high aluminum price during the quarter . the average price in the quarter surpass $ 1,600 per ton . and it deliver a strong EBITDA margin of $ 247 per ton which be the high it have see in the last six quarter . it hot metal cost for the quarter be $ 1,462 per ton and the sequential improvement be due to low power cost , partially offset by high aluminum cost . the impact of these power outage it have describe have be limit on it production guidance . however , it have reduce aluminum production to 1.1 million ton for the year exclude the trial run . and the hot metal cost for the second half be expect to be in the range of the $ 1,400 per ton , average as previously guide . it be on track to reach 1.4 million ton of alumina for the year . and during the quarter , it achieve a run rate of 1.2 million ton per annum . it would expect alumina cost at about $ 250 per ton for the second half . so talk – next slide on power , at TSPL , the third unit be capitalize during the quarter . it overall plant availability be 77 % . the BALCO 600 megawatt PLF be at 64 % due to a weak spot power market in the second quarter . as guide earlier , it target TSPL availability 80 % for the second half . so it have – with respect to coal sourcing , it think it have be well place strategically . it think it have see notwithstanding what it see in international seaborne coal market , it own weighted average coal cost have move lower in the last few quarter . domestic coal price have remain stable or drop despite huge volatility in the seaborne coal market . so it can see it remain relatively unaffected by that recently increase in coal price internationally as it procure more and more of the requirement , particularly at BALCO and Jharsuguda and TSPL domestically . move on to iron ore , the current quarter production and sale be low during – due to as expect due to monsoon at Goa and it have now resume mining and shipping from Goa post the monsoon . it achieve sale of over 40 % of allocate mining capacity in the first quarter . with current mining rate , it will complete it 5.5 million ton mining limit . it do expect to see this in Goa by the end of the third quarter . so it be engage with respect to state government with allocation of high volume . the chart on the right - hand side of the page show it cost efficiency . mining , processing , logistic cost at Goa be at $ 13 per ton . despite such a low cost of operation , it EBITDA margin be $ 17 per ton as it realize low pricing for Goa iron ore due to issue pertain to grade , alumina content and moisture . iron ore business remain strong in the quarter , produce 192,000 ton , 27 % high year - on - year . it would like to note that it also have a current environment of high coking coal seaborne price . so it have it have be adjuvant . it be pursue some coke sample from it coking plant and reduce pig iron production accordingly to take advantage of high coking coal price and that ’ mitigate the damage it would obviously otherwise see in it cost of production for pig iron . it have maintain a production outlook for the year of 5.5 million ton and 2.3 million ton from Goa and Karnataka , respectively . on Copper India , Copper India performance be marginally low for the quarter . it do have an impact in an outage in September due to two separate boiler leakage incident in the smelter . Tc / Rcs have come down significantly since the beginning of the year and acid price in India have be low result in low ebitda for the Copper India business . the production outlook for the fiscal year 2017 be maintain at 400,000 ton as smelter efficiency have improve post the outage . [ indiscernible ] power plf remain low due to low demand . however , as mention earlier , it have compensate 20 % of the contract rate for any off - take below 85 % . so move over to final page , it strategic priority remain the same . it have see this slide for the last couple of year , it ’ be very boring . it be progress well in it production ramp up and grow production in a disciplined manner . it remain focused on optimize capex and OpEx to generate strong free cash flow and use that to de - leverage . it remain committed to group simplification and expect to complete the merger with Cairn in the first calendar quarter of 2017 . it be confident this transaction will deliver long - term sustainable value for all shareholder . Vedanta Limited have have a strong track record of dividend and this Board have today approve an interim dividend as announce . the Board be expect to finalize a dividend policy , as Arun say towards the end of this fiscal year once the merger complete . and it all know , the Hindustan Zinc have already announce it dividend policy just last week . of course , it will refocus on preserve it license to operate and add resource as it complete it . so it think before it get into Q&A , it would like to dispose that it be celebrate Diwali , a very happy Diwali and enjoyable holiday with it family . with that , over to it , operator , for Q&A. question - and - answer session  it very much , sir . [ Operator Instructions ] the first question be from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Macquarie . please proceed . Sumangal Nevatia yes , good evening . congratulation on a strong quarter . it will start with it bookkeeping question . first , in the aluminum cost of production there be a saving of close to $ 30 in power cost . now , this be kind of a surprise give price in India and import be high . Can it explain what drive this ? okay ,  it , Sumangal . it just want to  it on behalf of it sale test for an excellent brokerage before it love it title fire on all cylinder , it could not have say it better it . so , look at the aluminum saving and it will ask Ajay Dixit , it Head of Power , to speak more about this . but it would comment that in the first quarter , it remember it have some outage and some upset which lead to some penalty purchase . so , it think it have say that the first quarter be anomalous . it think as it say the second quarter be well as a consequence of that . but Ajay , it can go into more detail . yes . so in the second quarter , it would say if it see it commission BALCO unit and it get the well efficiency of the plant into full operation . so , this also contribute in the second quarter for lower the overall power cost in BALCO and thereby the average cost of power come down in aluminum . second be that the outage which be there , which Tom already tell , it be eliminate . and it be in a therefore position to save under this . so , this lead to – both the topic lead to well power cost in the second quarter . Sumangal Nevatia understand . second question , the standalone debt not move much , when it say standalone , it mean consol less gain in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO . so clearly , it be just break even on cash flow level at the standalone basis . so when can it expect that to start reduce ? so , maybe Arun will comment on it , but just a reminder that as it ramp up it aluminum business , it do consume work – or it do build up work capital for that . so once that stabilize , that will be a more positive effect to cash flow than it would have see in so far this first half . but Arun maybe it can give more detail . yes ,  , Tom , Sumangal . so , primarily on the standalone basis , if it see that iron ore aluminum and power and copper , and as Tom articulate , the ramp up , that ’ little bit of investment in work capital like the metal that need to be invest in the part . and just a quick reminder the iron ore business normally import to be the monsoon period . so , there be not really any sale in cash flow . so , as it articulate in one of it page the iron ore come back and the port keep ramp up in second half . so that should see some movement on that line in H2 . Sumangal Nevatia yes . just one last question if it can . now , any benefit of classify buyer ’ credit under trade table , well leverage ratio could lower it interest cost and/or be it just a book entry ? it will let Arun when it talk about conversion to IFRS , it have be suitably confuse . so , it like the new CFO to fully explain that one . sure .  , Tom . it think it face this question several time in it investor call , because IGAAP it get treat in a particular way in an IFRS , which be a globally acclaim accounting standard and globally audit by global staff , audit staff . it ’ very classified under trade payable . so , this year it ’ be a natural conversion , it would say , with the implementation of Ind AS . so that even out all the , it would say , confusion and even understand it result now . insofar as credit agency be concern , each of it have it own framework and the way it treat all these item . so , that be something that ’ unique to meet it credit agency trade book . while yes on an overall basis , it net debt to EBITDA look better with this , but the credit agency go much deep than that . Sumangal Nevatia sure .  . it have a few question more . it will get back .  for the answer and wish the entire Vedanta team a great Diwali .  it so much .  it very much . it next question be from the line of Pinakin Parekh from JPMorgan . please proceed . yes ,  it very much . just two question on aluminum . the first question be that if it look at the aluminum production ramp up other than one line of 313kt , essentially the company would have start production on 2 million ton of aluminum capacity . so from 1.1 million ton production in fy ‘ 17 , at the run - rate of exit of fy ‘ 17 what kind of production can it expect for next year ? second related question be that the aluminum CapEx for next year seem to be not take into account any expansion of the Lanjigarh refinery . so , how should it look at the alumina refinery expansion ? have that be put on hold ? and hence , the alumina cost of production in Lanjigarh would bottom out at $ 250 per ton or can it go further lower ? so , Pinakin , what it will do be it will give it some high level response , but it think if it have Abhijit here , it can go into in more thorough detail . but on it first point , as it look at fiscal year 2017 , it look at put all about go in during the course of the year . and at this stage , look in the Jharsuguda mine acceptable last line and then it would hope to see the last – also it would start fiscal ‘ 17 with full BALCO or fiscal year 2018 with full BALCO and Jharsuguda less one mine . and then that would be ramp up depend on the timing of some technical matter that need to be solve before it could start that line that it refer to as line 6 , it refer to in this language here as it think line 4 . so , Abhijit will go through that in more detail . on Lanjigarh , in the first instance , it be look at bring that up to it 1.7 million , 1.8 million ton debottleneck , 2 million ton forward use give the bauxite mix it have . and it feeling be that over the next 6 month , it hope to see steady progress in find new bauxite resource , either through OMC or some other right and that will give it the impetus to move forward with the next stage of the Lanjigarh expansion . but what it be try to do be to create something which be just in time delivery of it expansion as it see the bauxite be available , but with that Abhijit , it may want to expand on both . yes ,  , Tom and good evening everybody . now , it think the run - rate which it have see as 1.1 million ton be an average for the year . and in fact , if it see whatever the ramp up Tom have explain about the three line in this year for AC Jharsuguda unit and one full line for the BALCO . so invariably in March 2017 , it be get into a monthly production rate of around 165,000 , which be proportionate to a equivalent run - rate of 1.9 million ton . so , that ’ precisely give it the answer that whatever have be plan be really build in , into the split . the reflection of that quantity be not able to visible in this year , because it ’ a ramp up year where it need to build up the heal metal and thereby lot of metal get consume into stabilize heal of the metal at the initial stage . and so far , as the Lanjigarh be concern , it think Tom have explain absolutely rightly . thing be prospective now look up with the Government of Orissa and it hope to see that how it really work out in come 6 month and then take the cost for the expansion . but have say that , the drive for the cost reduction of the alumina be still on , it have be offload and look for many other smelter to not to remain at around $ 250 to it H2 production around $ 250 level , but every opportunity , further reduction of improvement of the efficiency and reduction of the input cost be always on to the curve and it will be run by the team . understand .  it very much . it think it will see that on slide 16 it make reference to the Lanjigarh refinery expansion not as part of it primary capital guidance , but as optionality . understand .  it . operator , next question .  it . it next question be from the line of Ravi Shankar from Credit Suisse . please proceed . yes , hi . good evening sir . two question . one be on the rise run - rate at BALCO , where do it see that peak out ? and the second be on the – so the fourth – the cost of get smelter back on track , how have that be account for after the outage at Jharsuguda ? so maybe Arun , it can tackle both of those . sure .  it , Ravi . as far as BALCO raise debt , it be right , it should that ’ about peak at that level , because as it know the CapEx result , it ’ only the ramp - up expenditure and that too for the next couple of month . so BALCO should peak and should start come down . and so far as the cost of smelter be concern , it should probably have on either side somewhere around INR 150 crore each both on Jharsuguda and BALCO as the cost of set the pot back to it original condition . and give that it be in a trial run mode at this point of time , it be not capitalize , these would add to the project capex . and on the seat of money , potentially on the insurance claim that it have file , this will be then be capitalize . so that ’ how this should be treat .  it . understand . if it may just ask one more question here , be there any technical complexity with the fourth line ramp - up at [ indiscernible ] when it remain under evaluation , it want to just get a sense of what all factor be be consider for the fourth line ? so it think Abhijit can cover that one . but again , it will be a combination of just have the primary power , backup power and on the same vein , primary transmission capacity and backup transmission capacity . so with that Abhijit , go with the detail . yes , it think for the last line of the [ indiscernible ] be so far as the primary power requirement be concern there be absolutely no issue , but it will have share one point that any aluminum smelter need continuous power supply 24/7 , 365 . so thereby the availability of the power both in smelter power as well as transmission of the power be important and it will need substantial amount of redundancy into the system by way of it ’ standby proposition . so that be one factor of the evaluation which it be be do and it be create certain amount of infrastructure that fit it to remove that transplant whichever be there for the fourth line . have say like that , there be also an area which it be look into be some additional supply of the anode because it will need constant supply of the anode for the fourth line . it have sufficient the green anodes plant , but maybe this should be well improvement into the efficiency of the exist plant and also maybe a possibility of create certain infrastructure of GMP only and not be different [ indiscernible ] plan , so that be under evaluation . so these be the two area which it be consider and try to de - bottleneck for the fourth line and on top . so  it . maybe it can – there be also transmission matter . so maybe it will just ask Ajay , if it have any additional point it want to do . yes . so it want to move the entire plant to the central transmission utility connectivity , because this be a much high reliable network . so it be have a line which be get complete by November . and monthly there , it would be shift this to the central transmission utility . but it be also see that Orissa be a very cyclone - prone area . and it would like to have redundancy in the system . so it would be construct one more line so that it be in a position to have redundant connection to the central transmission utility . this would also provide it for get any import or export of power much easily in a simultaneous basis . so this would bring robustness in the entire transmission infrastructure . it may just want to add to with that transmission line , not a big item , but it be in the capital guidance . it ’ more a question of timing of get it do . understand . it be a very competitive answer .  it so much .  it . it next question be from the line of Jigar Mistry from HSBC . please proceed . yes . good evening everyone . two question for it end , first . on the power side , declare TSPL targeting availability of 80 % in H2 , would that be in place , in the last conference call it have guide for ebitda closer to 13 billion , that still stand with whatever have be progress so far ? so maybe just Ajay , if it would start with that and then it think maybe Arun , it will talk about what it have do and what it expect in term of PLF , so then Arun to talk about the number . yes . so as far as the availability be concern , it see it bring in this third unit and it have now put it on commercial in September . and immediately on come in September , once it be commission , there be a small time lag between the linkage coal because it will need to apply after commission and get it finally run . it have be able to do in the short possible time , but that small gas be call 77 % availability . and the second topic be that one of the unit it take under annual maintenance prior to the scheduled maintenance time . so as a result of this now this unit availability which perhaps would have – it would have take in the next half have come into the first half . so it do very clearly see that the availability move forward on an average basis when it move to the second half , it will be able to achieve 80 % plus . that ’ for the full year of operation essentially or just for the second half ? no and that be the average on full year operation basis . so once it achieve on an average for the full year , in any case then the financial number stay intact . correct . and it do mention that it secure a coal linkage of 6 million ton for the captive power plant through the recent auction . so how exactly be the total coal requirement structure at the moment , it have give percentage , but if it can throw some more color into how comfortable be it once it ramp up the full aluminum production ? yes . so one , as it see , it have be able to reduce significantly on import and that be very – it would say very conscious decision to move away from import . and this import be only a small amount , which be mandatorily come on a group basis from other plant . as far as the overall aluminum be concern , it be very comfortable because it would say from BALCO perspective , two - third of it total linkage and the balance one - third through auction be secure . and in case of Jharsuguda , it be in a position to secure about 40 % already through the linkage , another 40 % through the auction and spot auction . and it will be soon have another round of linkage and it be very hopeful to secure additional thing . already another 20 million ton unspecified auction linkage be already in the market . and it would say Government of India be do well in raise the production capacity . it do not see any concern regard availability of the coal as it move forward . perfect .  it so much for it answer .  it . it next question be from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss . please proceed .  it , sir for take it question and congrat for the great set of number . it have two question , one be regard the bauxite and laterite mining , when – it mean if it be possible , can it give the time line when be it go to commence it ? and the second question be financial in nature that it have around 3.9 billion of debt mature in FY ‘ 17 and FY ‘ 18 , can it just throw some light , how much be it likely to be refinance and what would be the approximate cost of debt go there ? so it think it will ask Arun to tackle the second question and then of course , Abhijit on the first one . just on the first one , though on bauxite mining , it just want to remind it what it say in the previous meeting that be that the restriction for the barrier of bauxite mining have not be technical . it have be very much non - technical , social , etcetera . so as it look at these , it have to navigate a whole series of challenge include forest clearance , [ indiscernible ] consent . the status of the resource , the government get the status of resource map etcetera , etcetera . and it think that what will that mean as it carry out a portfolio of opportunity that it be pursue all with some of it it have make good progress . but it will also remind the fact that it also – it be actively track some of these just to get it a convenient political thing for an NGO to go after . so it do not want to elevate specific name too much in the public domain just because it do tend to represent a block curve for progress on that particular project . so with that maybe , Abhijit , it can talk about it in a bit . yes . it think it have two one be laterite and the OMC bauxite . let it handle the laterite first , because it discuss even in the last call . so laterite have move significantly , but it know that recent MMDF act , where it have minor mineral to the major mineral debt conversion , which have take place . and it will appreciate one point , because this conversion need some cabinet approval at the state level . so that recently that this be the only approval which it be spend over here at the state level which it be hopeful that the matter should get clear off in the Q3 end by the state government . and once it be do , then there will be some other peripheral activity which take maybe another 3 to 4 month ’ time to start look into a possibility of get out the laterite on the mine . so , it be talk about roughly around 6 to 7 month of further drive into the laterite do all approval in place and get into the mining first . so far as the bauxite of OMC be concern , because the only one mine which be Kodingamali mine , which be under process . and there a good amount of progress have be make by the Government of Orissa . the public hearing have be already conduct and the file have move for the first clearance and it be expect maybe sometimes at Q1 of the next financial year with the government support and everything the OMC can start look into the mining possibility from Kodingamali . so , these be the two very broad and as Tom say very rightly that it be more often technical proposition and government give strength to handle everything together , but the focus be positive and progress be under troubled as it the focus by the government .  it . and then just maybe if it can add to that , it have one of it geologist send it an e - mail with a photo last night , which show a wall make of bauxite and this be basically , it be just travel at an area [ indiscernible ] anything else , then there be a road cut cut through bauxite . and the villager have build a wall next to it of bauxite . and this particular area be a long way away , ten of kilometer from any discover bauxite deposit . so , it ’ not a hard problem of find the bauxite . the difficulty be actually get it through the various regulatory and land process for development . so , on the question regard the debt and the refinance 3.9 billion over the next 18 month to 20 month , as a recap , the financial priority do mention that debt be refinance at long maturity and low interest cost would be one of it key priority as well as continue to generate cash . so , that give it a few option on refinance and de - lever as it ramp up it operation . and give what it mention in term of improve access to market for long - term debt , and in fact , this afternoon , it have just release another information to the market that it have issue INR 300 crore of NCD at about 8 % to the market . so , it objective will be to delever with free cash and issue new debt or refinance the debt at low than the cost that exist at this point of time . hope that take care of the question .  it . it next question be from the line of Harsh Agarwal from Deutsche Bank . please proceed . hi . it want to ask a couple of question , Tom . it be not sure if it can answer these . there have be medium report suggest that the company may be get close to acquire the balance take in Hindustan Zinc . if it can to any light on that would be helpful . the other related question be there be also talk about Hindustan Zinc conduct a share buyback . so , it guess if it can clarify that would be helpful as well ?  it .  , Harsh . look , it think that again sometimes when it see something in medium , that ’ from somebody else . it ’ hard for it to actually respond to that . it think that ’ the case here . what it get out of – what it read over the paper over the past week be some encouragement that file be be open and people be look at these thing again , and maybe there be some effort by the government to revisit the disinvestment of [ indiscernible ] . and if that happen , it be certainly very pleased with that and certainly it be work towards that . and it have not be instruct along those line by the Government of India . in the meantime , it would certainly look forward to continue to work with the Government of India . it have be good partner . it have be good member of it board . it have be very supportive of management . and it would look forward to continue to work for it . if that ’ the joint decision it make , ultimately , it be increase this investment up it gift , it power and it will roll with the direction that it take . it think that there be always discussion in the Hindustan Zinc about various option and it think that it should just respect the fact that those kind of board discussion be generally non - public matter and it should keep it non - public . it do have Sunil Duggal , who be ceo of Hindustan Zinc on the call . if there be anything else , Sunil , it would like to add to that ? no , it do not really agree with it that the government may be make up it mind and maybe some press statement as a result of that . but as of now there be no board discussion which have happen . and with the cordial relationship with the government , if it would come forward , it will see at that point of time . but it may not be possible for it to divulge anything which have happen in the board , but it would say that no such discussion have happen in the board as yet .  it , Sunil . alright ,  .  it very much . it next question be from the line of Abhishek Poddar from Kotak Securities . please proceed . Mr. Poddar , it line be un - mute . it may please proceed with it question . Abhishek Poddar hello . yes , good evening sir .  for take it question . just one small question around the debt , last year in the 4Q result , Mr. Jalan have mention that some part of work capital will be unwind in FY ‘ 17 . it think the total working capital that be close to INR50 million ? what be the status of that and also if it could provide the buyer credit number for September ‘ 16 ? Arun , it will maybe give it those . sure . it think if it note Abhishek in quarter two , it working capital , it hold it fairly flat , whereas in quarter one , there be an unwinding of approximately about INR 1,500 crore . so that come as part of it quarter one result . and insofar at the September end buyer ’ credit number be concern , it ’ around the same 10,000 odd crore . Abhishek Poddar okay . Should it expect more working capital unwind for the rest of the year ? it think it have various level in it hand and there be enough meat in the balance sheet that it go after . so , if there be any unwinding , it should be able to perhaps offset it . Abhishek Poddar okay , sir .  it .  it . the next question be from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec capital . please proceed . yes , hi sir . congratulation on good set of number . so , it first question be if it could provide some color on the physical market premium and specifically for Val and BALCO separately ? sure . it will just ask Abhijit to comment on that and it answer be a bit lousy . it have be see pretty low physical market premium because of the pressure of oversupply in the market and that ’ both on a global basis and in India , but it have have Abhijit if it could say anything nice about physical premium for aluminum , please do so . yes , physical premium for the aluminum be roughly an average of around $ 135 an ounce . so , it have different category of the product each year even on sell it like it can specifically talk about [ indiscernible ] and maybe some related alloy ingot which it be produce , which be in the tune of around 120 to 140 , that ’ the level it vary . and simple premium be in the tune of around $ 100 simply in that . so that ’ the type of the average premium move into the market as of now . Sir , how be premium mode on a sequential basis ? sequential basis mean can it explain a little bit ? Sir , how much be it in Q1 versus Q2 ? quarter - on - quarter , it believe . for quarter - on - quarter , quarter - on - quarter , as it know , in the q1 , it have roughly around it be in the tune of around 145 to 155 level . and Q2 , in fact there be a decrease into the premium , which have fall to roughly around $ 15 to $ 22 . so , that be the shift which have happen between Q1 to Q2 . okay , that help . so , second be more of clarification , it indicate about Kodingamali mine , what be the volume expectation from OMC if this at all materialize ? yes . Can it just say that this be still permit process , so it can not say it be in a position of give what it call specificity on volume , ton until it go through these early stage . but with that Abhijit , be there anything it can add to it ? overall , as of today the estimate mine ’s capacity for the Kodingamali be around 81 million ton . now consider that when it will start the mining , what speed it will be do either it be 1 million ton to 2 million ton per annum . that be still under evaluation . and it will not say any to really fix up that guideline . so that be still under evaluation . but so far as the overall volume of mine capacity be confirm , it be around 81 million ton . great .  it so much and happy Diwali .  it . the next question be from the line of Anshuman Atri from Haitong Securities . please proceed .  for the opportunity and congratulation on the result . so it question be regard the iron ore operation , so can it please enlighten it what progress it have make in term of get high allocation give that other miner have not be very active in Goa and how much more allocation can it potentially get in Karnataka ? so  it for that . and it guess it will ask Kishore to comment on it . but just to recognize that while miner be not necessarily meet it allocation , it do not like to lose it right to ramp up . so as it talk about this with government , it have to recognize there be some sensitivity with the other miner . but with that over to it , Kishore . yes .  it , Anshuman . as it know , in Goa overall it see capacity of 20 million ton continue to be the target with the state government . as on date , there be two opportunity come up . one be the forest area declaration , where about almost 200 million ton of iron ore can not mine , because of the Government Committee report be get discuss at the Supreme Court . so theoretically , therefore 17.5 million ton which can be mine by the miner for whom the EC limit have be allocate . and there be also some mine who be not able to produce for various reason . so overall , it can say between 3 million ton to 5 million ton of unallocated EC limit be there with the state government . and this obviously would apply that if the state government want to push it achievement of the 20 million cap which be there currently , it would request the current mining company to come forward . and as Mr. Tom have mention , that it be well poise to achieve whatever excess that the state government would like to allocate to it at an appropriate time . and come to Karnataka , where it have EC limit of 2.29 million ton , it have make application to the development authority for achieve it original EC which be 6 million ton for the state . and as it know , in Karnataka , there have be a cap impose of 5 million ton in Chitradurga area which be where it mine be . so there be a recent hearing in the honorable Supreme Court where the court have mention that the current 30 million ton to the state will be allocate to the a and b category mine , which mean NMDC and MML who be the other two state miner , it EC limit will be curtail at some point of time . and it can be beneficiary of it expansion from 2.3 million ton to 6 million ton . but have say that , it application have to go through the approval mechanism which be go through at this point in time . and it should have a well visibility of the enhanced capital by the end of this quarter . okay ,  it . and the question relate to Goa , question be also now that it be make good ebitda , so the logistic largely the operator , be it contract link to realization or be it a fixed transfer , if then iron ore price move up further , will it directly transfer into EBITDA or will a transfer be take away by other logistic and cost ? no the logistic cost be all base on the logistic commercial parameter . so it be not link to the price of iron ore . so price of iron ore keep float and it always have amount of shipment average in [ indiscernible ] so that remain , the top line be always free . okay ,  it . and just last question on the aluminum operation , so it consider BALCO trial for environmental clearance for it mine , so any progress on those ? so maybe it will start with that and Abhijit will , of course , would follow . but it have two area of mine . one of it be fairly the north of BALCO in Korba at that main pad . it just actually have the opportunity to visit there about three week ago . and it will be – it be start mining and that be all on a mechanized contract mining basis . with that , Abhijit over to it . yes . it think these two mine be very important mine for it . in fact , it can see that Kawardha and Mainpat both be under 4 % . it be able to definitely it have ask for the environmental clearance . and the idea be to further to intensify the mining , obviously with the mechanization because it find – it get a lot of feeling that it be lot of value interest and it can significantly support the refinery of Lanjigarh [ indiscernible ] of this mining , both from the Kawardha as well as Mainpat . but have say like that , it think it need to also create certain amount of infrastructure improvement include some physical separation and purification of the mineral so that it give the right kind of value at the refinery . but both team be under tremendous focus . it know it intend to carry out a large volume of the mining for both these mine . okay ,  it and wish it all a very happy Diwali .  it . the next question be from the line of Vikas Singh from Batlivala & Karani Securities . please proceed . good evening sir . hello . yes . it be here . yes . Sir , last year at the start of the year , it have give a 30 % ebitda growth guidance at that current metal price , since then after all the metal price have move up significantly , so still it be maintain that 30 % ebitda growth target , so be it already comprehend in recent rate or how would this or there be a possibility of increase EBITDA ? well , let it just try to recall the timing when it talk about it . if it remember , it would have give that in the fourth quarter of the year , April , where it have already see a lot of the upward price movement from the beginning of the year . so remember on the chart it show earlier , with 33 % increase in it basket , but the bulk of that have happen between January and April . so if it look at the price movement from April to now , it have not actually have that same progressive price movement . but as it would say , Arun , correct it if it be wrong . but most of the increase that it have see from April would probably be relate to high volume . and of course , just remember , that it have have – it have a strong fourth quarter of last year at Hindustan Zinc . and [ indiscernible ] plan cycle , but it have a much weak first quarter at Hindustan Zinc . so it have other thing beside that period - on - period comparison it present in April . it be right on the – price be fairly consistent with what it have at that point in time and the market have already move up by that time . okay , sir that ’ all from it side .  it very much . the next question be a follow - up question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Macquarie . please proceed . Sumangal Nevatia yes .  for another chance . just one question , now after the Cairn merger , what do it do with the cash it get , do it lower the gross debt , repay some dividend , start exclude expansion opportunity of those business ? well , look it think that it will ask Arun to comment , but just want to remind it what it have be say for the past year about this that once the merger be complete , it will be up to the Board of the company to determine the good allocation of capital . and as it would have hear it earlier describe it , it would be expect that it Cairn business it self will have growth opportunity or will have some money unavailable for . it would like maybe Sudhir if it can talk a bit about that from a Cairn perspective . and clearly , the market be generally expect that there be some de - lever with this . so it would see there would be room for quite a bit of flexibility with the Board to meet it objective , which be to grow those part of the business and make a lot of sense , particularly in oil and gas , as it have say , but also to improve the overall direction of de - levering of the company . so maybe if it can start by ask Arun to comment from a balance sheet perspective and then Sudhir to talk about some of the growth thing it have in it plate in Cairn .  Tom . as it likely point out several optionalitie for it from a balance sheet point of view as several of the business ramp up and if price continue at this level . but yes , the final decision on how the cash can be allocate would be leave the Board under the broad principle of robust capital allocation . and quick reminder before Sudhir come on as Cairn by it on a standalone business produce significant positive cash flow post CapEx every year . so with that , it will hand it over to Sudhir .  it , Arun . it have coal project that it have go for the past year and the parameter that it have choose be 18 % to 20 % IRR at $ 40 oil book . and in that context , it be quite pleased that the team have bring – to bring to life almost four idea . one be on the gas project , which be good – would have volume of 25,000 to 30,000 barrel of oil equivalent . the second – two project relate to enhance oil recovery at Mangala – sorry at Bhagyam and Aishwarya after the success of the Mangala EOR as Tom mention earlier on in the call be significant . it believe that the combined volume that could come out of these enhanced oil recovery would be in the region of about 30,000 barrel of oil per day . and lastly , it ’ a tight oil obviously , there be a bunch of it , but the first project that it would like to do be on the Aishwarya Barmer Hill and which again be 20,000 barrel of oil per day project and all these be very close to 18 % IRR , with the gas one be north of 25 % . so , it want to take these without reasonably well in line with the partner and it believe it should be in a position to get all approval , include it towards the next 6 to 9 month and produce to execution . so all - in - all , about 175 million barrel of reserve out of which about 60 to 65 million barrel that it already book . so , it can give an IRR a reserve depletion ratio of excess of 1 , exit when it happen , this be till 2030 and it look forward to execute these project . Sumangal Nevatia  it . and definitely of $ 400 million to Vedanta Plc , when do it pay that ? yes , as it have articulate during the quarter one result , it ’ when it expect to pay down during this financial year . Sumangal Nevatia understand .  it and all the good .  it . it will take it next question from the line of Jigar Mistry from HSBC . please proceed . yes ,  it for take it question again . a small thing from Slide 36 , so if it take the revenue and divide it by total production or even total sale , it give it an aluminum selling price which be low than LME , and historically , this have be sufficiently high to reflect both the physical market premium and the product premium . so , be that something that it be not read right in this ? well , can it just so for it benefit , which slide be it look at ? so , 2Q F ‘ 17 INR 30.3 billion of revenue , it divide it either by 296 kt of total aluminum production or 284 kt of total aluminum sale ? let it take that , Jigar . it think what it see there be the total production . if it cast it eye to probably Page # 30 , Page # 40 . right . the aluminum sale would be 249 for the quarter . and it should also subtract the trial run which be not book through the p&l. that ’ right . so , the trial run be not book to the P&L which go to the – out of the 284 trial run , net of trial will be 249 . and if it divide it by 249 , it get it answer . no , trial run frankly have be in the prior quarter as well , but it ’ well if it take this online – offline .  it so much for answer .  it . lady and gentleman , that be the last question . it now hand the conference over to Mr. Bajaj for closing comment . over to it ? yes . Tom , any closing comment ? yes , well  it . look it think that again , it always would like a well quarter , it always like well number , it always like well market . it would have like that it do not have the top line failure . but that all be say it revenue be up , EBITDA be up , high as it ’ be in 7 quarter . margin , EBITDA margin high as it ’ be in several year . it have not spectacular price improvement , but steady price improvement on a calendar year - to - date basis . and it say it ramp up it production . it be ramp up production . all of this be deliver it that cash flow . it ’ deliver it the delevering . and with the pende merger of Cairn , it will have even a strong position . it know that most of it in the call have be quite positive in it recent assessment .  it for that and it look forward to see those continue positive assessment as it continue to deliver what it expect it to deliver .  it . with that , over to it , Ashwin . 