it be pleased to report that in the fourth quarter , Liggett ’s adjusted operating income grow by 3.3 % compare to the prior year period , while continue it trend of market share growth . as previously indicate , for the past two year , it have successfully focus on volume and market share growth , while position it business for future profit growth . in the fourth quarter , it begin to see the positive result of that strategy as it begin it second phase . it will now turn to the combine tobacco financial for Liggett Group and Vector Tobacco . for the three month and full year end December 31 , 2018 , Liggett revenue be $ 267.1 million and $ 1.11 billion , respectively compare to $ 257.1 million and $ 1.08 billion for the corresponding 2017 period . Tobacco adjust operating income for the three month and full year end December 31 , 2018 be $ 57.5 million and $ 240.9 million , respectively compare to $ 55.7 million and $ 244.3 million for the corresponding 2017 period . as previously advise , in September , list price increase across much of the industry , and it raise the price of both Eagle 20 ’s and Pyramid , the nation ’s third and fifth large discount brand . Eagle 20 ’s retail unit volume grow 23 % during 2018 and Eagle 20 ’s be now sell in over 70,000 store . the continue growth of Eagle 20 ’s have provide an effective complement to pyramid and other Liggett brand . at the same time , despite anticipated volume decline , it be pleased with the performance of Pyramid and continue to focus on support it well - establish nationwide presence . pyramid distribution be strong , with the brand currently sell in over 106,000 store nationwide . it growth have be accomplish despite industry shipment decline , which accelerate in 2018 . it do not have final number from TTB yet , due in part to effect of the recent government shutdown , but it estimate that total industry taxable shipment decline approximately 4.7 % in 2018 . it continue to see minimal impact from premium economy brand such as Marlboro Special Blend , Newport Red and various Camel line extension . these brand be discount from premium price product and be typically price above deep discount product . similarly , it 2018 result have limit impact from small discount focus company as the cumulative effect of price increase have slow the growth of many brand . however , over time target deep discount brand continue to emerge in various geographic pocket as small competitor search for growth opportunity . and of course , there continue to be a lot of noise about vapor and other non - combustible product . however , to date it have see little business impact on the discount combustible segment of the market . accord to Management Science Associates , Liggett ’s wholesale shipment in the fourth quarter increase by 1.4 % on a year - over - year basis , while overall industry wholesale shipment decrease by 4.7 % . it be pleased that Liggett ’s wholesale shipment have outperform it major national competitor . however , it will remind it that it believe retail shipment be a more reliable indicator of performance . this be due to individual company shipment fluctuation , the timing of price increase and wholesaler buying pattern , among other thing . while Liggett ’s retail shipment decline by 1.7 % in the fourth quarter , it be pleased to report that it gain 14 basis point of market share as overall industry retail shipment decline by over 5 % during the quarter . accord to Management Science Associates , it be the only nationally focus major cigarette manufacturer to register an increase in retail market share during the fourth quarter . and for 2018 , Liggett be also the only nationally focus cigarette manufacturer to register retail shipment volume growth , with an increase over 1 % compare to an industrywide decline of 4.8 % . as a result , Liggett ’s retail market share be now more than 4.1 % of the market . it remain pleased with it performance and strategy , and as it look ahead , it will continue to focus on generate operate income from the strong sale and distribution base of Pyramid , while deliver volume , share and profit growth from Eagle 20 ’s . while it remain subject to industry risk , it be confident that it have implement effective program to support it market share and to increase profit .  for it attention and back to it , Howard .  it , Ron . it continue to believe that Vector Group be well position to generate long - term value for stockholder . it have strong cash reserve , have consistently increase it tobacco unit volume and profit , and it real estate business continue to be well position for success . it be also proud of the Company ’s uninterrupted track record of pay a regularly quarterly cash dividend since 1995 and an annual 5 % stock dividend since 1999 . the Company once again reaffirm that it cash dividend policy remain the same . now , operator , would it please open the call for question ? question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] it first question come from Jacqueline Crawford with Jefferies . Jacqueline Crawford hi . as it and one of it competitor note deep discount cigarette be consistently gain share at the expense of brand cigarette – discount cigarette . what do it attribute this to and how do it see this impact it result move ? well , it think it ’ an issue . it ’ an issue of pricing . the – as it have see Altria , Reynolds to less than ITG , keep raise it price . and the discount segment have become much more attractive to consumer . it have spend a considerable amount of time over the last several year , focus on how to maximize it positioning in the discount segment . that ’ where it put it focus and that ’ why it have be able to gain share relative to the market . so it think it have a clear price advantage relative to big tobacco and it have a distribution and more effective operating process to the small company . so that ’ why it have be able to gain share . Jacqueline Crawford okay . and then move forward , do it anticipate Eagle 20 ’s and Pyramid to maintain it current volume as it continue to take pricing or do it expect to see some volume loss there ? well , it mean typically as it start to take pricing as be evidence during this last quarter , it will see some trade - off in volume . the Pyramid be well off of it peak volume , though it still have not peak in profitability . so it expect that over the come time that there will be a certainly a slowing of the growth of Eagle 20 ’s base on pricing , but it anticipate that will lead to increase profitability . Jacqueline Crawford great . and then lastly , do it anticipate sell any real estate or where do it see it in that cycle ? and should it sell any real state , what would it anticipate use those proceed for whether it be to reinvest in more real estate or target more of the 2020 proceed in the open market ?  it . it be in the normal – more in the disposition stage now because it have not make a lot of new investment in real estate – residential real estate as it have in prior year and a different market . the market be soft , not terrible . it ’ sort of level out right now at this pricing , but it manage to , as it think everyone know it have release , it believe , it sell a rental building that it have build in Queens , for a substantial profit . so it take it capital out plus profit there . and it have other investment that be mature . it make a few new investment . a couple of small type of investment , but it be still opportunity drive . it look at everything and if it see that ’ – think that be something that work in the market it be in today and it do not have to – it do not want – it do not want to buy hope certificate that it hope the price go up in two year . so it be – it ’ tough today , but it have still have make some small investment . Bryant Kirkland yes , and Howard , in 2018 , it have $ 64 million of net monetization that include gross monetization $ 75 million . as it mention , between the two Long Island City building that it sell that it receive $ 29 million and $ 27 million from Times Square , 20 Times Square project and $ 10 million from the monetization of the Wynn Las Vegas Retail property . and what about new investment cash wise for … Bryant Kirkland there be very few new investment in 2018 , both be just tack - ons . capital cost on prior investment , pretty much , it guess . Bryant Kirkland that ’ correct , yes . Jacqueline Crawford okay . well ,  it . it be welcome . Bryant Kirkland it be welcome . okay . it next question come from Christian Hoffmann with Thornburg . Christian Hoffmann Christian Hoffmann it make some comment relate to the convertible . and it think some be relate the 19 and some be relate to the 20 . Can it just – it know the 19 go away , but can it tell it what happen with the 20 . it buy some in the market . be that what it say .. yes . it get offer some bond at a good price . so it buy it . it ’ pretty – pretty much what happen . Christian Hoffmann and there be , it think , $ 258 million at face and how many – how many do it have now ? Bryant Kirkland $ 27 million . so it have $ 230 million remain . Christian Hoffmann okay . and be those retire or be it – be it call it as an investment ? Bryant Kirkland the bond be hold on treasury . Christian Hoffmann okay . and with the plan b to pay those down with cash and real estate proceed or do it think it tap the market ? it ’ too early – it ’ still early to tell . it depend how the debt market be . today , the debt market be very good . so if it could get something that ’ very attractive , it maybe go back into the debt market . if it can not , it have the liquidity , it will liquidity to pay it down , but buy it in . Christian Hoffmann okay . Can it talk about there be element a little bit , obviously it have the entire stake there . do that change operation at all ? do it create any opportunity , risk or … Bryant Kirkland it ’ just it capture all of it . yes , it capture all of that , just make it easy to – to control . although it be not difficult before if have 70 % and have the sheet control the board , but it think it be an attractive price and there be a negotiation go on for quite a while . so , at an attractive price , it buy it . look , it surely be a tough year in general in the real estate industry . it think it fare better than most . of course , it ’ hard to look at it because – and when it look at Vector , it have the tobacco and the real estate . actually it be both sort of tough year . it do not usually look at the tobacco business be that cyclical . but the real estate business , especially the brokerage business , it know be very cyclical . so that ’ what happen in this past year . but it be happy to own 100 % of it . it think it be in the good market in the country . it think it have build a great company . take a brand that be a good brand and make it a great brand . when it look in the city , the late ranking come out from the Real Deal , who rank the company . it do $ 9 billion of close sale in New York City in 2018 . it next competitor , which be Corcoran , which be own by Realogy do $ 4.5 billion . so it think that say a lot about it market share and that ’ worth a lot when it have big market share . obviously , margin have decrease because the business have be more competitive . so that ’ why the number look how it be , but it be work on review it expense , look very closely and it be do a lot of volume , but the idea be , be to make a lot of money . so that ’ it plan work forward this year .  it . it next question come from Robert Sullivan with MidOcean . Robert Sullivan hi ,  . first question be on cigarette . it know last year some of the MSA payment be tilt more toward the first half of the year , which kind of hit margin a little more heavily in the first half last year . be that the expectation this year or how be the timing weight this year in term of the MSA payment ? no , the msa payment be make at the same time . it think the issue relative to the MSA have to do with what it projection be at the beginning of the year relative to where it finish up . so what happen last year be at the – it enter the year with a more conservative projection on volume and it be able to outperform that . so there – so as an effect , the accrual of the MSA be adjust and be low in the first half of the year than it be in the second half of the year . this year , it now be run off of a high base . so it be accrue at a high level in 2019 at the beginning of the year than it do last year . so , so it ’ not an issue of the payment , the payment be – it typically make the book – majority of it payment in December , and then whatever final be necessary in April , when it ’ due . but the accrual if a fact be base upon what it projection be and then get adjust base upon it actual performance . and again last year , it outperform it initial projection . so it start this year with a high projection . Robert Sullivan so on a comparison basis from last year , this year how do it anticipate it impact margin in the first half of the year ? well , it mean it be deal with last year right now . so as it get to the first quarter , when it do it first quarter report it will talk about it . but as it indicate , generally speak , it would expect that it MSA – and not expect , it MSA accrual will be high in the first quarter of 2019 than it be in 2018 . Robert Sullivan got it . it see it negatively impact margin . yes , it could . it could . so it all balance out by the end of the year in any event because it ’ base on absolute volume and it will always deviate somewhat from the initial projection . Robert Sullivan right , okay  it . and the second question be around Douglas Elliman , Howard , it be wonder if it could give it some kind of overview in term of what type of expense reduction or profitability improvement plan it be anticipate , just give that it be now do negative EBITDA ? well , it just – look it be work on it now . when it say it be now do negative EBITDA , it guess , it be refer to the small loss in the fourth quarter , but it still be positive for the year when many of the company be not . and it think it be in a good position . so obviously it – it look at expense cut , it look at all area , but the one – the one area that it really – it be not cut be agent commission because it ’ very – it ’ a very competitive market out there with new player and the exist player that be all scramble for the good broker . so it have to be competitive there . it still be look to do other thing other than straight residential sale business in market where the margin be very small like the West Coast . it need to be in the mortgage and it know escrow title business and the title state . it ’ a supplement . so it be look at those . and it be not really plan on open really any new market where it have any outlay . it be not make any big acquisition . it be try to again just pare down where it can , while keep the company run . look it top line look very good . as it say , top line to it be important , but what ’ really important obviously be the profit . it can not buy thing with the top line . it can only buy with the profit . so it be go to – it be go to keep work on get this Company profitable and – and it be hope – look as of right now , look , it ’ hard to tell , it be only two month into it , but it would say that it ’ probably about flat to last year . it do not think it ’ anything bad . B.K. , it have see it the number ? Bryant Kirkland yes . the cash receipt it have see through the end of last week be down between 2 % and 3 % across the board . for both month combine ? Bryant Kirkland for January and February combine , yes . so it ’ pretty . Bryant Kirkland that ’ an average , yes . Mitchell Pindus  , gentleman . Mitchell Pindus  . a couple of question . some of it be already answer , but relate to the convertible bond that it just redeem , can it talk about how that change it share count ? Bryant Kirkland it do not mitch . as far as fully diluted share for EPS , it be at 139.5 million for the year end quarter . and if it be look at equity value , which it know it do , it ’ $ 140.9 million . as far as the remain $ 230 million outstanding of the 2020 ’s , if it be to convert , it would – it would convert in the 10.9 million share and the conversion price on that be $ 21.28 . Mitchell Pindus okay ,  it . also Howard , talk about the $ 585 million roughly in cash that it have on the book , can it talk about some of the opportunity it be see or that it perceive see this come year to deploy it ? well , it want to be careful , obviously it have to prepare to pay off it ‘ 20 bond . it be start to see opportunity to – the interesting thing be , the price the resale price of residential city have come down , but on new development project where it have make some money , that land cost have not come down much , the construction cost have pretty much stay the same . what that have do be push up the total price it have to sell something for to a level where it can sell at those number , so it can not make any money . so as far as new development stuff , not much . so it be try to do thing that be not new residential , but thing that it feel it know and it can understand and be pretty safe that will probably include some rental deal . look , there be a couple of opportunity , own investment have not really do anything there yet , but it be go to be careful . it be go to be careful with it cash for sure – for sure . 