it will keep it remark relatively short today . it will review the result from the quarter , provide an update on it progress towards the completion of the second step of it strategic partnership with Alliance Boots , and offer some final thought before it turn the call over to Tim for a detailed financial review . it have a solid first quarter across both it pharmacy and retail product business with a strong holiday season and good cost control across the enterprise . in fact it store year - over - year sale growth exceed the overall retail market head into the holiday season which position it well as it close out the calendar year . so it want to congratulate it team for it success . for the full quarter , sale be a record $ 19.6 billion , up 6.7 % from $ 18.3 billion a year ago . GAAP operating income for the quarter be $ 991 million up 7.1 % from $ 924 million last year . adjust operate income for the quarter be $ 1.14 billion up 3.5 % from $ 1.1 billion in the first quarter 2014 . GAAP earning per diluted share be $ 0.85 in the first quarter compare to $ 0.72 last year up 18.1 % . first quarter adjust earning per diluted share be $ 0.81 up 12.5 % from $ 0.72 in the same quarter last year . in term of it front end , it retail product performance while it customer traffic in comparable store edge down 2.7 % , it be pleased that basket size be 4.2 % result in total comparable sale for it retail product be up 1.5 % , relative to the year ago quarter . as for pharmacy , it be also please that prescription sale grow 9 % or 8.1 % in comparable store as it retail market share increase 10 basis point from a year ago to 19 % . as it finish out the holiday sell season in the next few day it be also very focused on complete the work necessary to close it transaction with Alliance Boots . in November it secure financing to close the transaction as well as refinance the majority of Alliance Boots outstanding debt . it also issue it definitive proxy statement in preparation for it special shareholder meeting in New York on December 29th . it be currently on track to finalize the merger ahead of it original schedule . as it announce this morning it now expect to close the transaction on December 31st subject to shareholder approval . this be truly an extraordinary milestone in a strategic journey it begin six year ago to position ordering for new generation of growth and value creation . wrap up let it touch on the journey it begin six year ago . a journey that include transform the front end of it drug store , advance the role community pharmacy play in healthcare , and be culminate by take Walgreens global , create the first pharmacy lead health and wellbee enterprise . as it have say before , bring these two iconic brand together will be difficult if not impossible to replicate . it have be it privilege to lead it to this point , to have have the opportunity to bring Walgreens to the world and Alliance Boots to America . it wish Jim , Stefano , and the rest of this very talented leadership team all the good as it now bring it vision to life through Walgreens Boots Alliance . from everything it know and everything it have learn at this company over the past 35 year , it be completely confident that combination of Walgreens and Alliance Boots will truly change the face of global pharmacy , retail , and wholesale . and it be even more confident that the good day for it company be still ahead . and that be a tribute to the hard work and commitment of over 350,000 woman and man of both Walgreen and Alliance boot who have make this great journey in future possible . on a personal note , it would like to  everyone on this call and many other for it thoughtful insight into it business . it have appreciate it work , thought , and comment over the year . it also want to wish all of it a very happy and healthy holiday season . with that  it and it will now be step off and turn the remainder of the call include the Q&A over to Tim . Timothy R. McLevish  it , Greg .  and  it for join it on the call . it want to cover two topic today . first , to provide great detail on it first quarter performance and second , to share some thought on it expectation post to closing of the deal with Alliance Boots . as Greg mention , it be pleased with it first quarter result as it come largely in line with it expectation and get it off to a good start to fiscal 2015 . it adjust EPS of $ 0.81 reflect the execution of it strategy with strong revenue growth and solid expense management for the quarter . let it begin with the discussion of total revenue which increase 6.7 % year - over - year . this be due in part to strong comparable store script growth of 4.1 % which be build on a solid base of 5.5 % growth in the same quarter last year . to help drive that performance it continue it focus on win and gain share with high value senior through prefer relationship with Medicare Part D plan . on balance , this business carry low margin than the rest of it script business but remain quite attractive as it drive incremental revenue and gross profit dollar . this strategy contribute to it overall retail pharmacy share increase this quarter as it grow script by 10 basis point more than the rest of the retail industry accord to IMS datum . it be also pleased with the progress it be make in drive it front end , it retail product comp . for the quarter it report a 1.5 % comp growth build off a strong 2.4 % comp in the same quarter last year . it strategy be work . this be evidence by margin and basket size be up while traffic be down slightly . it main focus remain to drive profitable growth and thereby achieve the right balance between sale and margin . let it now talk a little more about the retail product margin . this mark the third quarter in a row with year - over - year improvement in retail product gross margin which indicate that it strategy be begin to pay dividend . let it remind it of the key element of it strategy . first , to focus on enhance it mix towards more upscale retail product to drive high margin . second , to drive supply chain efficiency by remove excess cost and thereby improve overall store productivity . and third , to leverage it balance reward loyalty program to derive valuable insight that will allow it to better target it promotional investment . and now it will shift to it pharmacy segment which continue to face margin pressure due to third party reimbursement pressure from contract step down , ongoing generic drug inflation on a subset of generic drug at a similar rate to what it see in the fourth quarter of last year , and finally increase mix of specialty drug . partially offset these pharmacy margin decrease be the positive effect of a step up in the introduction of new generic this quarter and purchase synergy generate by it joint purchasing group . for the quarter the margin weakness in the pharmacy segment be only partially offset by improvement in the retail product segment . on balance this result in overall adjust gross margin be down 120 basis point year - over - year to 27.3 % . as it look forward , it expect the negative factor impact pharmacy margin to intensify in the second quarter as the impact from a meaningful step down in Medicare Part D rate begin January 1st . while it view margin percent as an important metric to help assess the overall health of it business on a long - term basis , it remain focused on leverage it largely fix cost structure by drive gross profit dollar in the near - term . it focus be for gross profit dollar growth rate to exceed SG&A dollar growth by great than 100 basis point . during the quarter on a GAAP basis it gross profit grow $ 144 million outpace SG&A change of $ 77 million and thereby contribute $ 67 million to operate income . on an adjusted basis , gross profit dollar increase by $ 133 million while SG&A dollar increase by $ 72 million year - over - year contribute $ 61 million to operate income . this result in the spread of positive 90 basis point which be an improvement from the 50 basis point positive variance it see last quarter . adjust gross profit dollar growth increase 2.6 % this quarter despite the pharmacy pressure it be currently experience . it remain focused on mitigate the impact of these negative factor through a number of mechanism include leverage it buying group to secure well cost for drug , incorporate inflation protection in payer contract as it come up for renewal , and continue to help align appropriate industry reimbursement level . additionally it expect it retail product initiative to continue to further drive gross profit dollar growth . adjusted SG&A dollar increase by 1.7 % for the quarter . it be quite pleased with it expense management during Q1 . and with the pressure it be experience on it pharmacy margin , it have become even more focused on cost control such as lower it cost to fill to help create a more sustainable profitability . as it communicate previously , it have identify and remain on track to achieve the $ 1 billion in cost saving reflect in it fiscal year 2016 goal . while there will naturally be some incremental variable cost as it continue to aggressively grow it business , it expect these will be mitigate by it cost saving program . it be look to identify further cost saving opportunity and will update it after that review be complete . combine net synergy for the quarter total $ 140 million and adjust EPS accretion from it investment in Alliance Boots be $ 0.11 for the quarter . both of these be in line with it expectation . please remember , last year 's adjust accretion receive $ 0.07 tax benefit from the UK tax law change while this year 's include $ 0.02 benefit from a onetime gain on an acquisition . the progress it be make with synergy be slightly ahead of schedule . it be still early but it believe there be upside to it original $ 650 million goal for the fiscal year and it will provide more detail on it second quarter earning call . now let it walk it through it adjust EPS . the GAAP earning of $ 0.85 per share reconcile to an adjust earning of a positive $ 0.81 per share for the quarter as illustrate by this chart . the net adjustment of $ 0.04 include the removal of the following . a LIFO provision of $ 0.03 per share , $ 0.13 per share of acquisition relate item which consist of $ 0.06 of acquisition relate amortization cost , $ 0.02 of acquisition relate cost , $ 0.04 from Alliance Boots relate tax , and $ 0.01 from interest associate with Walgreens Boots Alliance debt issuance . and finally a net impact of $ 0.20 for special item comprise of $ 0.02 per share negative impact from cost relate to the corporate and store optimization cost , $ 0.10 per share negative impact from fair value adjustment on currency hedge , $ 0.09 positive impact relate to the partial release of a tax valuation allowance , and $ 0.23 positive impact of the warrant issue by AmerisourceBergen to Walgreens and Alliance Boots . the Alliance Boots impact be report on a three month lag basis . move on to it balance sheet , it would like to share a couple of word on primary working capital which it define as account receivable plus inventory minus account payable . account receivable increase $ 850 million . it third party receivable be in very good shape down approximately $ 40 million year - over - year . the increase be primarily due to high vendor funding receivables from the joint venture and rebate for AmerisourceBergen . LIFO inventory decrease $ 1.2 billion . about two third of this improvement come from pharmacy inventory reduction in conjunction with the term of it agreement with AmerisourceBergen . the remainder with retail product inventory reduction due to it initiative to improve store level supply chain efficiency . and account payable increase $ 400 million largely due to reclassify due from vendor up to the receivables line as it just mention . overall networking capital decrease by $ 700 million or 13.8 % versus a year ago which help drive solid cash flow performance for the quarter . it generate approximately $ 1 billion in cash from operation versus $ 133 million in the year ago period . recall the cash flow in last year 's quarter be adversely impact by the timing of payment relate to the AmerisourceBergen transaction . free cash flow be $ 696 million versus a negative $ 231 million in the prior year period . it be pleased with the cash generation during the first quarter due partly to the work capital improvement it just mention as well as improve earning . in addition to the $ 500 million in share it buy back in fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 , it buy another $ 500 million worth this quarter . the number of diluted share decrease by approximately $ 12 million from last quarter , it be sorry , 12 million from last quarter . now let it talk about the rest of the fiscal 2015 . it do understand that it will not have a reliable base on which to build it fiscal 2015 estimate so it will provide additional information after it have have a chance to review it plan with Walgreens Boots Alliance Board . as it can appreciate , there be a lot of unusual factor that will impact result in the second quarter . some of these be still be develop therefore it be not prepared to quantify it expectation at this time . in the meantime let it give it some key factor for it to consider in it model . subject to shareholder approval , it be expect to close the deal with Alliance boot on December 31st of this year . it will eliminate the three month report lag . interest expense be expect to be in the range of $ 140 million to $ 150 million per quarter , this factor in the recent financing with a blended rate of approximately 3.2 % . it will add 144.3 million incremental share as partial consideration for the acquisition . Walgreens Boots Alliance fiscal year end will be August 31st and remember that it future earning will be impact by exchange rate movement most notably in the pound sterling and to a less extent the Euro . move on to fiscal year 2016 , many of it have ask it thought on it outline goal and now that it have be here for nearly five month , it have have enough time to make a thorough assessment . base on everything it have review and learn , it be comfortable that the fiscal year 2016 goal and it associate assumption be reasonable and reflective of the market . it be confident that it have initiative and resource in place to address the controllable element that drive the adjusted EPS range . for those variable that be beyond it control , it have also identify action that can help mitigate any unforeseen pressure . all goal involve risk and opportunity and it know that it must continue to execute in order to deliver on it . it would now like to provide a few thought around it financial reporting and communication go forward . with regard to wba , it be work diligently to develop the appropriate metric and measure to help it better understand it business fundamental . to that end , it will breakout the performance of the new company into three reporting segment ; retail pharmacy USA which will include Walgreens and [ indiscernible ] , retail pharmacy international which have pharmacy lead health and beauty retail business in eight country , and pharmaceutical wholesale which mainly operate under the Alliance Healthcare brand in 12 country . it plan to share more detail at an upcoming Analyst Day in New York that it will host in the month after close the deal . it will provide it more specific on this event as it finalize it plan .  it Tim . that conclude it prepared remark . it be now ready to take it question . when it get to it question please limit it to one question .  it . question - and - answer session  it . [ Operator Instructions ] . it first question come from Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse . it line be open . hi  guy . Timothy R. McLevish hi Ed , how be it ? good , so Tim a question for it on look forward on gross profit dollar growth . it hint at increase pressure come up for the remainder of the year . it question for it be , it see about 2.6 % increase in gross profit dollar this quarter , how do it expect to cater [ ph ] into that to look like over the next few quarter , it do sound like that would deteriorate over the second quarter ? and then from an SG&A standpoint be there opportunity there where it still believe that it will be able to drive well gross profit dollar growth versus SG&A growth over the next few quarter ? Timothy R. McLevish sure Ed , so let it just talk about the pressure that it be experience from a gross margin standpoint . it mean there be ongoing pressure from generic inflation . some of the impact that it have in the fourth quarter be mitigate a little bit through some improvement in average wholesale price and the related impact on the growth etc . certainly it have generate some additional synergy and from it joint venture buying group in Switzerland . and then as it have point out , that it do expect a step down in reimbursement level associate with the Med Part D that ’ already contract in . so on a go forward basis it do expect continued pressure and maybe a little bit additional pressure go into the second quarter and thereafter . it will continue to it mean expect that it will see some improvement in the average wholesale price which help reimbursement , will continue to generate the synergy it can to mitigate that on a ongoing basis , and it will remind it that there be lot of speculation about the wisdom of take on the Med Part d contract . it will tell it that incrementally it be very attractive business . now clearly it mean there be a negative impact on overall margin percentage and even dollar relative to last year . but have it not undertake that it would have a serious impact on both it revenue and it overall margin . so it mean in the end of the day it be a good thing for it to take that and generate some continuous to keep an attractive customer base come to work to it store and do business with it . it have talk about a billion dollar cost reduction program , it make some good progress on that in the first quarter of this year as be evidence by it result . it continue to execute against that and it would expect that largely to offset a big piece of the margin pressure that it continue to experience . great ,  it . happy holiday guy . Timothy R. McLevish  it very much Ed .  it . it next question come from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities it line if open . John Heinbockel  . two related thing , it guess for Tim , do it think -- could third quarter reimbursement pressure be great than the second just because of the three month ? and then secondly for Alex , how be it guard against all of this cost removal adversely impact service level in the store . it be take out an awful lot and it certainly do not want to trample on service aspect in the store ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it mean the second quarter obviously it have to step down to Med D , so it will have some pressure there . it would not expect further pressure from there , there be not a natural step down in the third quarter on Med D. it will have to see how the generic inflation play out but overtime it kind of eat into a little bit of that as the reimbursement get some support with improvement in NAWP , etc . so it do not expect a material -- more pressure in the third quarter relative to the second quarter . let it before it turn it over to Alex to respond , it just want to say one thing , it cost reduction effort certainly at some point have to take cost out of the store level . but that ’ the reverse order in which it be focus on it . it be start at the corporate level and work it way down to the supply chain and it be make good effort to mitigate any impact it may have on deliver service to it customer . and in fact some of the thing it be do be take work load off of it store manager and it store employee to enable it to better focus on customer . with that let it turn over to Alex to comment . Alexander W. Gourlay  Tim . hi John , it be Alex here . yes , Tim ’ right it think the good example it can give it be the inventory adoption across the business . Tim say it be 1.2 billion in the quarter , 400 millionish in the front end . that just suggest lot of work load in the store so that mean that it people in the store be able to spend more time focus on customer and make sure it can actually get the right product on the store and on the shelf at the right time . it be feel pretty good about program so it be just see cost naturally on reduce work capital and make it more efficient . so that ’ a great example of one of the effort in term of cost reduction . it be really focused on workload in the corporate office and really important store . it be really focused on give it customer great care so it can make sure it come back time and again . it think these two thing be completely compatible and that be what it be focus on . Timothy R. McLevish let it comment on one other piece . it note the mix of impact on the front end on it retail product business . traffic be down a little bit , margin be up and basket size be up . a big piece of that be elimination of questionable promotion from last year . but again as it endeavor t upgrade the quality of it product on the front end , improve the margin percentage , and illuminate some of those unprofitable promotion it actually take a fair amount of work out of the store . so rather than hang lot of hang tag of discount and so forth , it store employee be much better position to be support and provide service to it customer . John Heinbockel okay ,  it .  it . it next question come from Alvin Concepcion of Citigroup , it line be open . Alvin Concepcion great ,  it and  . it believe in mid November it release this filing with some internal target , particularly an EPS target of $ 3.40 in fiscal 2015 . it be wonder if it could frame the result today which be very good as well as commentary that it be ahead of the 650 million in synergy this year and the closing datum with that target as it relate to the internal target ? Timothy R. McLevish Alvin it want to remind it that what it read in the -- in it proxy statement be a piece of information provide to the banker to enable it to generate fairness opinion on the transaction . and it have not confirm that information but it will simply tell it this that the result of the first quarter be largely aligned with it expectation for the year . it mean it be kind of where it have anticipate the first quarter come in and it be align with it projection for the year . Alvin Concepcion  it very much .  it it next question come from Lisa Gill of JP Morgan . it line be open .  very much . Tim , it think that when it talk about reimbursement pressure one of the thing it talk about be specialty . obviously a lot of new specialty drug come to market . Can it talk about the difference in the margin for a specialty product versus some of the other brand and generic product ? and secondly as it think about it specialty pharmacy business for Walgreens , what do it see as some of the opportunity as it move into 2015 ? Timothy R. McLevish so , it regard specialty as a very important and strategic business . it carry some characteristic which create some distortion to some of the metric as it may look at it but at the end of the day it attractive business and it be it strategy to continue to grow that business . these number be not go to be perfect and precise because it be average but how it think about the specialty business , as it be talk about very expensive prescription drug . it tend to carry price up to 30 time what it average prescription would carry . it carry gross profit perhaps 10 time what it average gross profit would be across the rest of it portfolio . so net , net that mean that it margin percentage be go to be considerably less and it will put downward pressure on that margin percentage . however , generate margin of 10x of what it average be with modestly more SG&A to support it mean a very attractive business for it . again it may distort the ratio but it be very attractive and it generate very attractive dollar margin to support it business and operating profit . it would also look to see the next test be kind of what be the return on investment on it but the -- on average probably the require inventory to support that be actually less than the average because typically it do not carry those prescription in the pharmacy or in it warehouse . it be just in it case now or AmerisourceBergen or upstream in the channel so , it be not carry the inventory to support it . so it be attractive business on almost every level even though it create some distortion in some of the ratio . and then Tim as it think about specialty , anything about infusion . there have be some news report that it be look to divest it infusion business . CBS recently have buy an infusion business , can it maybe just discuss why it do not see that as part of the offering around specialty ? Timothy R. McLevish it do not comment on speculation or rumor in the marketplace that it have never confirm any of those rumor . okay , great . it appreciate it ,  .  it . it next question come from Mark Wiltamuth of Jefferies . it line be open . Tim , one of the item that ’ be talk about in the past be it occupancy cost be little high then it would like it to be , could it give it some read on how many of the store will be roll off of it lease and it could start to work down on that occupancy cost or any other plan it have to kind of work the occupancy cost down ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it mean on Balance , it have employ over the year of strategy to have the good corner or location in any geography and with an intent that it would generate more traffic and more revenue and obviously more margin and more profit . in some case that work , in some case it do not but on Balance it leave it with an occupancy cost both in term of rent or lease cost and another occupancy as part of the strategy to avoid well service and try to drive high traffic and revenue , etc . so in some case it find there be many case on Balance , the average when it look at it relative to it primary competitor , it occupancy cost and store cost be high . it be do lot of thing to manage down all aspect of that overall cost structure include take a hard look at those store . obviously it have a vast array of different term remain on lease . it tend to be 10 plus year lease and some of it be well into it lifecycle . but it can not say that it would have an appreciable impact short term on just wait for those lease to naturally roll . it be take the opportunity to go in where it can to renegotiate lease and then in some case it be attractive for a land lord to do that . and it be look at a variety of thing but it be not a short - term quick fix solution . but it be all part of it cost saving initiative that it have talk about . do it think it need a small store format move forward or be it just get away from these key location where it be just pay too much rent ? Timothy R. McLevish it mean it cover the spectrum . it will let Alex talk about it but in some location it would benefit by a small format store then in some case that it be well serve by have the size and scale what it have . Alex ? Alexander W. Gourlay hi Mark , it be Alex here . it fill every single store more or less same size . it be build around the pharmacy business and it be a fantastic strategy as Tim say . so clearly when it be look at it from a retail point of view , -- one of the option it be look at in term of how do it make more use of the asset . so , it ’ a combination of as Tim say , rent with option overtime potentially so some space move overtime . also have to make even well use of the asset by have the right offer in that locality for the customer who be actually base around that store . these be all strategy that it be now deploy . Timothy R. McLevish it mean as it have build the fleet , as Alex mention it tend to use kind of a cookie cut approach . so if it look at most of it store it be quite similar in appearance and size and scale , etc . as it go forward it will probably adapt that format a little bit more to the market condition and so forth . and it be do everything it can for the exist fleet where the size do not fit optimally to the market to adjust as it talk about earlier . okay ,  it .  it . it next question come from George Hill of Deutsche Bank , it line be open . hey ,  guy and  for take the question . Tim , it start talk about cost reduction and start at the corporate level as oppose to the store level , be there any way for it to quantify for it kind of what be the corporate cost opportunity and how it should think about that ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it be sorry George but it do not want to go in to specific on where it be at . it mean it have identify , have the overall program . it have also comment not quantify but comment that it will look hard at it cost structure and in all likelihood consider market condition and consider the opportunity it will go more aggressively at it cost reduction program . it have not finalize that , it have not communicate to it Board but as soon as it do it will get back to be on it . but it be go to go after all cost or wherever there be opportunity and it prefer to start with those that be away from the customer , the furth away from the customer . okay and then just maybe a real quick follow up , it highlight the kind of med D contracting term , can it give it any more color on kind of the company assumption on kind of volume and share gain in that space give how it setup in the preferred network and lot of it prefer network partner look like it be in a position to take share this sell season , it guess any further color it can give it on the change in reimbursement expectation versus the change in volume would be very helpful ,  ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it mean on balance it be some underwater on the incremental share and the incremental script that it have pick up relative to the step down in those that it already have . so if it have assume that it could keep all of the exist script at the old price it be derive , it be not very attractive for it to enter into this contract . but the likelihood that somebody else would pick it up and would take that business away from it be quite high and it be well for it to continue to participate with a little bit somewhat low margin on the exist business that it be do . and it have pick up some incremental customer and prescription . but it can not quantify exactly what that be . on Balance though it would say it result in a step down in margin from the prior year . and so volume for 2015 expectation ? Timothy R. McLevish just need a -- there be not much on volume be ready . it be feel pretty good about the market just now . the market be grow quite well , it have see more life come into the market through the various initiative of the government . but it be well prepared for January peak when a lot of people present script in the market for the first time to the new pharmacy . so it have a big focus on not on that it be feel good about how well prepared it be in the market and the market look solid as it have see from other as well in this period . okay ,  it .  it . it next question come from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research , it line be open . Timothy R. McLevish  Eric .  . it be curious as it look forward think about the pharmacy gross margin , what it strategy be in term of reimbursement rate . it think historically there be a focus on get strong reimbursement for fill script at walgreen store . it understand what ’ go out to Med D but think about the impact influence of preferred and more narrow network relative to the scale of it store network what be it strategy in term of try to defend or define reimbursement in it pharmacy relative to the trend in the market ? Timothy R. McLevish it be Alex here , hi . it get to play in the market so as always -- it have always be in the market , it have always try to compete in the market and give payer good value in the market . and that ’ what it be do right now . again the market have change as it say before and it be work closely with the payer to make sure that it give it good volume . so that would be the intend go forward . the good thing it have that it do not have before be that it have get the ability to leave these global buying -- so again as time go forward it be feel good about where the organization be and on the extra , again extra scale it be give it . so again it be a big chain , it get global buying power and it should and will compete . Timothy R. McLevish and it would also , it mean it have talk about the generic inflation that it have experience over the last year . and some of that be catch up as the average wholesale price get adjust more to appropriate level . the other thing that it be do be as contract -- it reimbursement contract expire and it renew it , it be ensure that it have inflation protection build into those and it be have good success in do so . and just a follow up if it could on , Alex it understand it comment on work closely with supplier and do a well job even on buying , Tim it comment earlier of upside to the 650 million this year and look forward , the understanding it want to get into a ton of specific but the source of optimism and upside be this more on the purchasing side or on the non - customer face and expense side where be the big incremental opportunity it be see for 2015 and beyond ? Timothy R. McLevish really it ’ on both side Eric . it ’ in the generic a little modestly on the branded but big piece of it also be in the good not for resale as it point out . but just by sheer magnitude of the opportunity , it more come from the purchasing of generic . under this head it be make good progress and it be on pace if not a little bit ahead on the target for the year . and as it flush that out go into second quarter it would expect it to update it on that and perhaps it will see it pretty clear to provide a even well number .  it . look like it have time for one last question from Mark Miller of William Blair . it line be open . hi ,  . Timothy R. McLevish hi , could it give it some perspective on the performance of Alliance Boots sale trend organically and so it would be look for just any color it can give it on the retail comp and also the wholesale business as it bring in that business consolidate it into 2015 ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it mean it do as it know bring in it 45 % share of Alliance Boots but until it close on the transaction it can not as a private company and it be not at liberty to share specific of it performance result or growth . it do report periodically quarterly some information on it -- it guess annually on it website but it do not share detailed information and again it be not at liberty to share . then it have an accounting question so , it be see the boot -- the number for AB up through August , what ’ go to happen to the result from September to December and be there any unusual expense that get pass through that time period ? Timothy R. McLevish it mention earlier that when it close on 12/31 the transaction it will be obviously be a 100 % own and it will be consolidate into the wba total . it be remove the lag as it report on a go forward basis but it will restate to remove that lag and it will be all be adjust from a historical perspective . okay , but that period September to December , those number actually will it pull through the P&L vent or it mean be there any expense that be in that period that be unusual ? Timothy R. McLevish yes , it mean it can not talk specifically about expense that it be incur . anything that it would have see in it will be reflect but it will see when it do restate for the first quarter of 2015 after it do consolidate , close the deal and consolidate any expense , any unusual expense that it may incur in that quarter will be reflect in it consolidated number . so it will have the visibility to it . okay , alright ,  a lot .  it . that ’ all the time it have for question today . it would like to turn the call back over to management for any further remark . lady and gentleman that be it final question .  it for join it today . lastly on a personal note it believe all of it probably know it be plan on retire as of the end of the month . it ’ be it honor and pleasure to work with Walgreen ’s over the past 27 year and with all of it over last 15 year as the Head of Investor Relations . while many great accomplishment have be achieve at this company over this time period , it believe the good be yet to come .  for wonderful memory on behalf of Walgreens let it one last time wish it all happy holiday . 