expect seasonal demand and consistent execution help it exceed financial expectation in the September quarter . industry shipment be in line with the TAM imply in it guidance provide in July . in it business , it see the anticipate seasonal increase in demand for client and branded product as well as strength in capacity enterprise and continue steady demand in performance enterprise . aggregated channel inventory of western Digital product remain at the low end of it four to six week range . it revenue for the September quarter be $ 3.9 billion . this include $ 156 million in revenue relate to it Flash Platforms group , which include enterprise ssd . as a reminder , it continue to expect that it flash related revenue growth will outpace the growth rate of the industry . it ship a total of $ 64.7 million hard drive at an average selling price of $ 58 . the quarter - over - quarter increase in overall ASP be drive by business mix , consistent with the seasonal improvement in client , brand and the strength in capacity enterprise . it gross margin be 29.1 % . it non - gaap gross margin be 30.1 % which be well than it imply guidance due to business mix . this exclude $ 39 million of amortization of intangible . operating expense total $ 680 million . it non - gaap operating expense be $ 638 million , exclude $ 42 million of amortization of intangible , litigation charge and employee termination cost . the additional expense to it guidance primarily relate to incentive compensation and stock appreciation right . it net income total $ 423 million or $ 1.76 per share . on a non - gaap basis , net income be $ 504 million or $ 2.10 per share . turn to the balance sheet , in it fourteen week quarter it generate $ 827 million in cash from operation and it free cash flow total $ 667 million . it capex total $ 160 million or 4 % of revenue . it repurchase 2.2 million share for $ 223 million . it also declare a dividend in the amount of $ 0.40 per share . it close Q1 with total cash and cash equivalent of $ 5.2 billion of which approximately $ 1.2 billion be hold in the U.S. it will now provide it guidance for the December quarter . it expect revenue to be in a range of $ 3.75 billion to $ 3.85 billion . gross margin to be flat with the December quarter level of 30 % , exclude the amortization of intangible . r&d and SG&A spending of approximately $ 600 million , exclude the amortization of intangible . a tax rate of approximately 8 % , and a share count of approximately $ 238 million . accordingly , it estimate non - gaap earning per share of between $ 2.00 and $ 2.10 for the December quarter . operator , it be now ready to open the call for question . question - and - answer session lady and gentleman , it will now begin the question - and - answer portion of today ’s call . ( Operator Instructions ) and it first question come from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank . it line be open . Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank North America hi ,  it . it be hope it could just go through the put and take on the gross margin guidance for the fourth quarter . it would think that the client business being may be at the soft it have well mix in the quarter . so it be just try to understand that a bit better .  . Stephen D. Milligan so if it look at Sherri . this be Steve . it be go to take a small absorption have in term of low volume that will be offset by favorable mix in term of capacity enterprise and certainly it will see a little bit , client margin tend to be a little bit low than the corporate as a general statement , but on balance thing that net out to the extent that it think that it margin will be flat , quarter - on - quarter . Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank North America okay ,  Steve . that ’ helpful . and then , it ’ be a while since it last Analyst Day . it want to see if it could provide an update on it , on priority for cash , in term of how much it expect to use for buyback and it plan to increase the dividend .  it . Stephen D. Milligan so , it continue to be commit to the capital allocation plan that it announce back in September 2012 , in term of 50 % of it free cash - flow be return to shareholder and the rest to be – it will call it hold in reserve for potential strategic opportunity , as it look at the change that it see in the storage ecosystem , it continue to think that there be opportunity for it to – it will say expand it footprint , in term of the storage industry and way that not only add value for it customer , but also add value for it shareholder . so at present , it be stick with that capital allocation plan ; of course it periodically review that , as a part of it overall review of it strategic priority , but at this point there be no intend to change in it capital allocation plan . it next question come from Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital . it line be open . Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital hi guy ,  for take the question . congrat on the early solid quarter and Olivier welcome . it guess yes two if it could it guess both on kind of datacenter and cloud , so the ssd revenue be quite strong sequentially this quarter . Could it talk to – to what degree that be relate to hyper scale build out , which it guy have talk to expecting and to what degree it be relate , it guess , OEM product refraction ? and then it have a follow - up in that regard as well .  . Stephen D. Milligan so let it kind of opine in a broad picture . it be see broad base strength in term of the broad enterprise business , both in term of traditional customer as well as the hyperscale datum center customer , both in term of it capacity enterprise business , which it see a nice pickup this past quarter . it expect that momentum to continue into the December quarter and correspondingly it be also see , as it indicate , strong strength in it enterprise ssd business . that be really , it will call it , across the board and really speak to the strength of it product line both in term of – well , really across the board , performance enterprise , capacity enterprise as well as in term of enterprise ssd . it clearly have the broad product line in the industry and not only that . it have the broad product that it arguably believe that it get very strong performance from a product standpoint as well . so that ’ be reflect in it performance as well as the build out that it be continue to see from the customer perspective . Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital Steve , that ’ really helpful context . it appreciate . and it guess just in that regard how be it guy think about the cadence of hyperscale deployment as it get into the first half of the year give there ’ a lot of , it guess , call it lack of pen - up demand come in the second half of year ? and then also , how be it guy think about , it do not know , the adoption kind of curve just in the enterprise , [ try and true ] ( ph ) enterprise give that second half of the year be a heavy product cycle , second half with the OEM ?  . Stephen D. Milligan sure . it mean it have , it will call it , increase visibility . obviously , it have good visibility till the December quarter probably in term of what it see from a demand perspective . it get increase visibility on what ’ go to happen in the first part of 2015 and it believe that strength will continue from an industry perspective as well as from it perspective in the broad enterprise space through the first half of calendar 2015 . Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital next question be from Aaron Rakers with Stifel . it line be open . Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company , Inc. yes .  for take the question , a couple as well . so , first of all , it want to go a little bit deep in term of the portfolio difference between it and Seagate . it think one of the thing that it have start this year be a pretty good adoption of it Helium drive . it think Seagate though have a very strong growth in it high capacity drive as well . Can it talk a little about the competitive landscape ? what do it feel it share position be within these cloud and hyperscale guide ? and then with that how it be see the adoption rate pickup with regard to the Helium drive ? Stephen D. Milligan it be see strong momentum in term of adoption of it Helium base drive not only in term of 6 terabyte , but substantial interest in adoption of the 8 terabyte as well . and so , it feel very good about where it be position particularly with the hyperscale guide , it ’ a little bit more difficult to know exactly what it share position be ? but it feel very comfortable with where it be at from a customer and from a competitive product perspective recognize the fact that Seagate be a formidable competitor , but it feel very good about where it be position right now . Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company , Inc. okay . and then as a follow - up , well , there be not a lot of question right now with regard to MOFCOM . it think it ’ still obviously an important variable to consider in the model . so maybe if it can give it an update where it stand with regard to the dialogue with MOFCOM and be there any kind of updated view on expectation with regard to the timing of a decision on MOFCOM and as it be opinion or view change on a potential synergy opportunity be able to integrate Apache .  it . Stephen D. Milligan and so Aaron , no specific update that ’ any different than what it provide last quarter , it dialogue with MOFCOM continue . it continue to be constructive and it continue to be active . and so it be in China a couple of week ago and meet with MOFCOM . and as it indicate , it continue to have a discussion about it situation , the process that it will use from a review perspective . it will call parameter that it will use to evaluate it application . and so it although maybe a bit discouraged it guess it may say in term of the timing . it be positive about it ongoing dialogue with China with the monopoly bureau . it have not provide any indication as to specific timing . it think one of the thing that it have to recognize be that the whole separate remedy that be impose be a new remedy . it be not something that it have do before . the reapplication to have it lift be therefore by definition also a new process and an undefined process . and the Chinese be be very deliberate with that review . it respect that . and like it say , it may be a bit frustrated in term of it certainly would like it to move faster , but at present it continue to be encourage by the constructive nature of it dialogue . Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company , Inc.  it very much . next question come from James Kisner with Jefferies . it line be open . James Kisner – Jefferies Equity Research hi , guy .  for take it question . first on Helium , just want to understand if it have any capacity constraint and all be it able to meet all the demand for Helium drive ? Stephen D. Milligan no capacity constraint relate to it Helium - base drive . James Kisner – Jefferies Equity Research great and just separately just mathematically there seem like it may be lose a little bit of share near - term on notebook . just could it comment on that as skepticism it be see be this just a quarter - to - quarter duration or what it think ? Stephen D. Milligan yes , if it look at it share over the last several quarter , it have have the – it have sort of be up and down maybe a point or two . if it recall last quarter or two quarter ago , so the June quarter , it gain two point in market share , this quarter it lose , it believe , about 170 basis point . so this tend to be the normal ebb and flow that occur in it business from a share perspective . and as be indicate yesterday on it large competitor call , it take some incremental business or be provide some incremental business in the gaming segment that drive a reasonable amount from what it can gather of it share increase and correspondingly drive the Lion ’s share of it market share decline . and also it can see that that be low margin business and perpetuate it and it respective financial performance . 