one of it first responsibility follow the merger be to put in place a fully integrate leasing team . it have make tremendous progress since it last call and it combine deal approval process be now very productive . it have approve more than 330 deal and hold over 65 portfolio meeting with it retail partner . these meeting be a powerful way to sell across it entire portfolio . during the quarter , it open 63 new store for a total of 196,000 square foot . example of key tenant that open be Sephora Town Center Plaza , H&M at Southern Park , LA Fit at Melbourne Square , Fitness Connection at Irving Mall and Total Wines at Plaza at Buckland Hills . in addition , it execute over 200 lease in the quarter total over 620,000 square foot . new deal include Dick ’s Sporting Goods and Field & Stream Stores at Polaris Fashion Place , Pure one at Bloomingdale Court , Ben 's at Scottsdale Quarter , and Altar'd State at Clay Terrace and Polaris Fashion Place . it be also pleased that it either open or execute 14 restaurant deal in the quarter add fine and casual dining to it portfolio , provide shopper with experience that it can not have online , which bring it back to it center more and give it reason to stay longer . restaurant deal in the quarter include BJ ’s Brewhouse at Melbourne Square , Chuy 's Tex Mex Restaurant at Mall at Fairfield Commons , First Watch and potbelly at Bowie Town Center , and Pops and Provision Kitchen at Classen Curve . it also look very forward to a busy ICSC recon schedule and have more than 400 retailer meeting schedule . it drop in mall occupancy be primarily due to the unusual level of retail bankruptcy this year . it be very proud of the work it leasing team have do to address this and it continue to execute with a real sense of urgency . it relationship with retailer combine with the great space available have help it make significant progress . since January , it have lease approximately 200,000 square foot and space to substantially recover from this loss and it expect to have 70 % of this space address by the end of the year . now it would provide detail on the redevelopment activity Mark speak of earlier in the call . let it start with Scottsdale Quarter , where it have make great progress in it third phase . on the retail front , American Girl be on schedule to open this fall , which will be the retailer ’s only store in the entire state . it recently sign a deal with Design within Reach for a two level of flagship store that be also schedule to open this year in phase three . the residential building be progress on schedule and the 275 new unit will be complete with occupancy to begin in July and to be at over 60 % by September . additionally , it be make progress in the agreement to add a boutique hotel and it will be finalize that later on this year . finally , it office leasing be proceed rapidly with prospective tenant see Scottsdale Quarter as the place to be for premier location in the market . in it Town Center Plaza and Property in Leawood , Kansas , it recently open a new Sephora Store and both new Arhaus and Restoration Hardware store be under construction . the 40,000 square foot two - story Restoration Hardware will be it only flagship store in the state and the Arhaus Store will be the first in the market which solidify it town center property as the premier fashion and home furnish shopping district in the Kansas City market . at Jefferson Valley Mall , a 556,000 square foot legacy Simon shopping center in Northern Westchester County , it be add a new H&M , a dominant national sporting good retailer and another junior box anchor along with a new mix of inline tenant and restaurant at a high single - digit yield . it be spend approximately $ 34 million and expect the project to be complete in mid 2017 . this be a solid asset and it be very excited about it new trajectory . as an example of how it can reposition space and an increase NOI it be convert former department store space at the Mall at Fairfield Commons in Dayton into five restaurant space . it expect this project to be complete later on this year . importantly , the beyond these high profile project it be execute many small redevelopment at it mall , lifestyle and community center portfolio . an example in it community center portfolio be the redevelopment of Rockaway Commons . it be under construction with Nordstrom Rack , DSW , Kirklands and several other shop , all schedule to open in 2015 . in it Mall and Lifestyle portfolio , it be spend $ 3.3 million at Markland Mall in Kokomo , Indiana to take an only game in town asset and add to it growth by upgrade the property and improve the tenant mix at a low double - digit yield . it also recently complete the expansion of Waterford Lakes Town Center in Orlando , Florida add nearly 20,000 square foot feature great tenant like Cooper 's Hawk , Marlow 's Tavern and Kay Jewelers . as it continue to tour property together it believe it will have many more opportunity just like the one it mention . remember , it have have great success in the past at take property that be not get attention and find smart way to improve NOI and cash flow . this be the same playbook it be execute across it large and integrate portfolio . all of these value add activity be a testament to it associate who be work diligently to address the need of it portfolio and execute on it integration plan . now with that say , let it turn the call over to Mark Yale , who will provide more detail on it financial result .  , Michael , and  to everyone . as previously mention , it take advantage of available balance sheet capacity to move forward with it strategic merger with Glimcher . while it leverage have increase , it have be execute on a clear plan to reduce it overall debt level and take out the bridge it use to fund the portion of the merger . in late March , it complete it inaugural bond offering , issue $ 250 million to 3.85 % senior note due April , 2020 . these proceed be use to pay down a portion of the outstanding bridge loan result in a remaining balance of $ 942 million as of quarter end . upon closing of the JV with O’Connor , which be expect to occur in the second quarter , it will be able to reduce debt level by approximately $ 800 million include approximately $ 430 million of proceed to apply against the bridge loan . finally , through a new fully commit $ 500 million term loan , which be expect to close in the second quarter , it plan to repay the remain outstanding balance on the bridge . the term loan will mature in 2020 and have pricing and structure consistent with the company ’s current outstanding term loan , thus , demonstrate it continued access to attractive capital . to manage it overall exposure to float rate debt , it do have plan to fix the interest rate on the term loan via swap for some portion of the term which will add over 100 basis point to the rate . assume the closing of all these transaction go as plan , and when include merger synergy that it expect to be realize in 2016 , it estimate pro forma net debt to EBITDA ratio will drop to the high six time , move it closer to it long term target 6 to 6.5 time . it expect to migrate closer towards this range over the next several year through future EBITDA growth , opportunistic asset sale and potentially common equity issuance if market condition become more favorable . in term of it March bond offering , it be pleased with the pricing on the five - year tranche . it have a high quality order book and the deal be currently trade at a tight spread in the secondary market as compare to original pricing . it ’ also a positive close on it debut bond offering and establish relationship with a new investor group . while the committed term loan give it flexibility with respect to timing it would like to approach the market for a 10-year benchmark deal later this year . in term of it remain 2015 mortgage debt maturity , approximately $ 365 million relate to loan be on Pearlridge and Scottsdale Quarter . prior to the closing of the JV it expect to replace this debt with $ 300 million of new non - recourse permanent financing ; it be currently rate lock on separate loan for each property both with 10-year term at fix interest rate of approximately 3.5 % . it expect to close on these financing within the next several week . similar to the unencumbering of Gateway Plaza and West Town Corners during the first quarter , it plan to pay off the mortgage on Clay Terrace and Bloomingdale Court later this year and extend to refinance those on Westshore Plaza and Merritt Square Mall . with an assumed annual dividend rate of $ 1 per share and an estimated $ 65 million of recur capital expenditure and tenant allowance to be incur during the year , it expect to generate approximately $ 100 million of free cash flow in 2015 . additionally , it be still expect to invest approximately $ 185 million in redevelopment this year . in term of it quarterly result , it adjust FFO per share for the first quarter of $ 0.47 be ahead of it expectation . adjusted FFO per share exclude the impact of $ 24.9 million of Glimcher merger cost and upfront bridge loan fee amortization . additionally , it comp NOI growth and general administrative expense of $ 9.7 million be in - line with it expectation for the quarter . as previously discuss , noi growth during fiscal year 2014 be negatively impact by several key factor include , one , tenant bankruptcy that will result in a negative impact of 100 basis point to growth during the year , even while make solid progress in get the space re - lease ; two , the timing of integration while progress well in term of the leasing and management for the WPG Legacy Malls will not result in a positive impact to growth until next year ; and three , minimal positive impact from redevelopment during the year as the majority of the current pipeline will not start come online until late this year or into next . the good news be that all these factor position it nicely for growth in 2016 . Mark speak to it update guidance range of $ 1.77 to $ 1.85 per share for adjust FFO . all key operating relate assumption remain generally the same as previous guidance . other than the O’Connor JV the current guidance assume no disposition , acquisition or issuance of common equity during the remainder of 2015 . it also provide adjust FFO guidance for the second quarter of 2015 in the range of $ 0.44 to $ 0.46 per share . in term of NOI growth , it will experience the great impact in the tenant bankruptcy during this period . accordingly , it be expect flat to negative comp NOI growth for the quarter . other key second quarter guidance assumption include the closing on the O'Connor JV , reduction of the Series G prefer share , and full repayment of the bridge upon close on the new term loan . at this time , Mark , Michael and it will take it question . question - and - answer session [ Operator Instructions ] . it first question come from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust . please proceed .  , guy . this be actually Anthony Hau on for Ki Bin Kim . so it first question be relate to bankruptcy . it think in the last call it mention that on a annualized basis , portfolio have $ 40 million of revolve bankruptcy of which $ 12 million be hit and $ 6 million will be replace . so let it say , it divide $ 12 million hit by 4 to get to $ 3 million per quarter . how much of that $ 3 million actually impact first quarter NOI ? do it see the full impact start from day one or be it $ 2 million to $ 1.5 million because of timing ? yes , Anthony , it be Mark Yale . it be certainly impact by timing . it would say roughly 100 basis point of growth in the first quarter . as it mention in the prepared remark , it be go to step up and probably be the most impactful in the second quarter , and then as it get to stage 3 lease it will gradually address that and see the most minimal impact in the fourth quarter , but overall once again it about 100 basis point of growth for the full year and would say that the first quarter be find in line with that full year forecast . Michael Glimcher it be Michael . it would add that while it will not mitigate all the downside during the year of 2015 what it leasing team have do a tremendous job of be really put it in a great position so it can end 2015 incredibly strong and then hit 2016 with the majority of that space release , and that ’ what it feel really great about . okay , it be just wonder . so what be the timing on recover these that six mainly because it think in previous conference call it guy mention fourth quarter . be that within it expectation ? correct . as Michael mention , it have 70 % of the space already address . that will come on throughout the year . some of it could well into ' 16 , but that ’ all incorporate into that $ 6 million impact . and it feel good about what progress it be make but there really be no change to the estimate impact that it provide in it last call . Michael Glimcher but the pace of recovery have be very strong . it have be very pleased by the square foot that release just this January . so it next question be actually relate to the non - core category . it think in the press release it mention that these asset be generate positive cash flow or unencumber[ph ] for the company be go to use a non - traditional leasing strategy . Could it just provide some color on the leasing strategy ? and also what differentiate these mall from the rest ? do it have a low sale productivity or be it in market that it do not want to be in ? it be simply that these be strong , stable cash flow asset where it do not really see the opportunity for traditional retail development . so it be not in bad market , it be not bad center , it do not have a bad trajectory , it just do not see reinvestment which be always key to growth as appropriate here as retail center . so that ’ why it be take it out of it statistic . okay . do it guy plan to sell these mall or these asset like recycle the capital for redevelopment ? well it be cash flow well and it be stable . so it be happy with it just the way it be . it have not decide that it want to sell it ; it be a good part of it portfolio . it just want people to understand as much as it can about it portfolio and if it have asset that it be not invest , which be , as Michael and it both describe on the call , be so key throughout the portfolio that there be so many reinvestment opportunity it think it be appropriate to carve out asset if it do not see that . it next question come from the line of Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs . please proceed . Caitlin burrow hi .  . just regard the outlook for the flat to negative NOI growth in the second quarter , how do it expect that to trend for the various different segment of it business ? it mean , obviously , look at the trend in the first quarter between the mall and the community center , the bulk of the impact from the bankruptcy be in the mall category . so it think it will see those kind of differential pretty similar as it carry out throughout the rest of the year but it will see in the fourth quarter it would expect the mall component to pick up as it see the impact of get that space re - lease . Michael Glimcher it learn the fact that in the mall category while it get hit -- well , obviously , not have to get hit , but an unusual wave of bankruptcy it be very pleased to see how quickly it could recover from this and attract often high rent pay tenant and also lease space that be previously unlease . so just to it , it demonstrate not that it hope for wave of bankruptcy but it demonstrate to it the resilience of these asset and it ability to push occupancy . Caitlin burrow okay . and then it guess on the similarity of release the space , it see it guy add some disclosure on release spread . so  it for that . it guess there be one thing on that it look like it overall portfolio be up about like 3.5 % in term of those rent , but when it think about what other retail company in the mall and strip center have be report , it seem like there spread be more in the double digit range . so just wonder what it think may be the difference for the WPG portfolio . Michael Glimcher well , it be look at a blended portfolio so maybe the portfolio it be compare it to it pure mall and maybe pure a mall or pure b mall . this be a mixed portfolio , there be open air center , there be also large space in there , and there be some mall that it talk about that just keep it flat would be a win and there it be just stable , steady performer that be contribute excellent cash flow . so it be a different mix of asset and if it probably break it down it would come out just as it would think that it be highly productive or very strong releasing spread that will look like a traditional a mall company and the community center be same and the more moderate mall be same . it just when it blend altogether it get to that nice positive number . what it be excited about be it be make the company more valuable . it think as it release more space or any of these go up certainly it NOI will go up and it be move the ball forward and these be very positive number . it just want to remind everybody that when it sit around but it be still a relatively new company . it take asset that as it say from the very start have be neglect for quite a long time . it then combine Washington Prime and Glimcher to create a new company which take place a few month ago . so the whole thesis of this company have be that through increase attention and through redevelopment it can really change the trajectory of these asset . the bulk of that activity that Michael describe go forward have not hit it number yet . so again , while it be not sit around twiddle it son , the whole strategic thesis of WPG be play out as it invest these dollar across it portfolio to increase it growth . so it would expect that that will affect that number and other number go forward very materially . Caitlin burrow okay .  it . the next question come from the line of D.J. Busch of Greenstreet Advisors . please proceed . Mark , it just want to go back quickly to the seven non - core asset , base on it comment stable cash flow albeit it do not want to invest further in the asset , that sound like it would be prime candidate for disposition . why be not it look at it that way as oppose to just simply carve it out but leave it kind of in the portfolio ? well , dj , it keep get this . anything be for a sale on a price . if it think something as a stable cash flow asset depend on the kind of cap rate that it would sell at , that would move it thinking . so obviously the reason it answer the question the way it do be it think that it be more valuable as continue strong stable cash flow asset than it would be in a sale . if somebody would have come along and have an attractive cap rate , if it want to buy one or seven of these , it phone line be open , but what it be pleased about and what it want to be clear about be that these be not wither asset , these be stable asset , but if it look at these as a market for certain asset and say be it worth sell or be it worth continue to harness it cash flow . it guess if it be stable why even remove it in the first place . it understand that there be a different strategy there and there be it may introduce other type of use than retail but if it be stable cash flow why even remove it in a first place . okay . let it be clear because it think that what it have be the basis of a real grow machine at WP Glimcher . so it think that by focus on strong national and local tenant and careful smart reinvestment in it asset it can have both a stable and grow portfolio throughout the company . on the other hand , if it have asset where it do not seem to be a strong return from redevelopment then it can not expect that growth , so it make sense to it to not focused on those as the same way it focus on it other asset . when it have limit bandwidth of what it can focus on and where it be go to spend it money , it want to do it but it be go to get a good return and again where it be go to growth . it see throughout portfolio in it top quality a asset and in it solid b asset throughout the portfolio Michael highlight an asset [ indiscernible ] how it make several example of what it be do . those be the asset that that play to it strength and it strategy to have a focused pleasing team and to spend money carefully on redevelopment so that it can spur growth , and it be take it would say the bottom tier of the portfolio that still cash flow and strong and it be separate it because it be not use the same tactic there . no more no less . okay . Could it see that non - core pool grow ? just all the time it think any company be always evaluate it asset and say be there way to recycle it and the thing that to be different . so it would say it be always go to be very market drive . it could be very pleased by alternate use there . so sure that list could change but it do not like wake up when it would come up in the list . it think about these asset , collectively , it have manage these asset for a long time . so it know it well . so it think that be certainly a list that it be comfortable with for the time be . okay . and then follow the acquisition the portfolio be quite big with 60 plus mall and lifestyle center and 50 strip center . similar to some of it peer disclosure and even the legacy Glimcher disclosure , be there an opportunity there to kind of tier the portfolio or break it up and so it could see the operate metric even if it be deem non - core like some of the other mall and strip center peer do . Michael Glimcher DJ , it Michael , it be do a lot of work internally try to categorize asset and it be something it would certainly be open minded to . it think it be important for it to get it arm around ; it have be to it visit property and it can tell it it have be to about half , there be a lot of new real estate to see . and so as it see the property , as it build it capital plan it think about where it be go to allocate get more visibility it think it have see it to have well disclosure , it think which be clearly something it want to focus on . so if something it would consider if that be how it be look at it and that be how it be view the business , it would certainly be open to share it with it , but again what it be really proud of be how productive it have be , how integrate the leasing and development team be all while it be integrate these company , all over pull it all together . so it see in this quarter 's disclosure well , the information be well and it think it will see what it see and it will see thing thorough it eye as it work deeper into the portfolio . dj , it do not have like a community life center division and an A mall division and a B mall division . it property towards it total combine integrate leasing and development team that include people from Simon from Washington prime and from Glimcher and it think if it be on the tour and it look forward to do if it would not know who come from which company . so all asset type , it view it as it say on it script today it view it as really very complementary with each other . where there be many tenant in common and where it leasing people be work together to raise the bar overall the center . so it ’ a very , it feel a very healthy mix . okay . that be helpful . maybe one last question on off price to that point , Mark , be able to use kind of operational release synergy across the two different subsector of property type . it know there have be some retailer kind of speak about move off price closer to city center whether it would be Ralph Lauren or Macy 's prototype be do in New York City . have it see that trend follow in it portfolio ? be that an opportunity for it portfolio to introduce some more off price give the kind of level of productivity of it mall and the fact that it have sizable strip portfolio ? it be really interesting point to make . it just do it first half strip deal which will complement the Nordstrom Rack Gateway center in Austin . it certainly have dialog go on with Macy 's about what it be go to do next ; it have relationship with all of these retailer . so it think it have a really unique portfolio where it can take posh tenant in the mall , it can bring it into community center , it could try outlet concept . it have a very broad portfolio where retailer who want to try different format can do that and it be see it and when it meet with whether it be discount or full price or people who be traditionally off mall go in the mall , it be see these thing happen , it be see thing people try it out as it concept evolve . so it be a great question it be absolutely do it and the fact that , as Mark say , it be one company , once lease team with one vision which be to have strong NAV and increase NOI , it be do those exact thing that it talk about . so that be a great observation it make . dj , it start off kid around paraphrase Mark Twain when it say news of it death be greatly exaggerated but it hope that what be come through both in it result and on this call and on it last call talk about JV and everything else it be do , this be an awfully dynamic portfolio , number one . today , it be an enormously dynamic portfolio , and the investment in redevelopment be yet to bear fruit . so when it think about where it be there be so much demand it state and it have prove ability to take space and make it strong . that be why it really do see this as a growth story and it see this first quarter as show that even in a very turbulent time it can grow even if it be modestly before the result of it development , redevelopment kick in . it next question come from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust . please proceed . hey ,  , guy , this be Ki Bin . if it still make it a non - core asset on segmentation it be like , it guess this be first of all not a question but it mean it could imagine the concern from buyer side would be that tool change size over time and not at the same thing it be go on but the professing that something could be go on when asset move in and out of that pool , it could potentially see that be a sticking point with investor deep in mind so think it just point that out . so to ask it question , go back to the -- well , first , Ki Bin , let it just respond to that , first of all , there be nothing go on , and this be not something new , it ’ very common for company and it think it ’ well disclosure because it give it a well sense of where it be focused and where it will spend it money . as it respond to an early question , it do not wake up one day with a list of asset ; these be asset that be manage for year by it team . it watch it trajectory , it watch the leasing result , it think about where it be go to allocate capital and it take pride in be very careful capital allocator . so it think this be a list that will stand the test of time . Could it change over time ? sure , it can , but this be not like watch the dove . yes , it be just work some of the question about high ear on that so it think bring it up . okay ,  for clarity . and go back to it comment about on 70 % of the -- space outlook hit by retailer bankruptcy and release or address or on a serious note , what kind of lease spread , and it realize there it take CapEx part of the story talk about spread , but what kind of lease spread could it expect from this bucket of lease ? well , Ki Bin , it mean it think it somewhere in the neighborhood , it certainly move forward with leasing activity in the first quarter and in the mall space , so a lot of it have to do with the release in that space , and that be kind of that 3 % to 4 % . and it think that ’ probably a good range , it think it be look probably on average about 5 % leasing spread in it mall portfolio for the balance of the year . and it -- comment and there be a lot of it activity be also not just take space where there be bankruptcy but also take space that have in mall that have be neglect where there be long vacant space and push occupancy that way too . Michael Glimcher well yes , as the space turn it can combine it ; it be do a lot of thing like it talk about with H&M , also with other in create junior anchor and new draw to the center , it face space for restaurant , so it do not just look at that space and lease inside this four wall it look at the opportunity for that asset . what it be more excited about be , be it demand the fact that it have address and what it have address by the end of the year roughly three quarter of that space that tell it there be a big demand and there be positive release spread , that ’ the datum that it would be focus on . yes , and other positive be , it modest decrease that it occupancy cost to decrease over last year and it think it ’ position in such a way that it should have the opportunity for positive leasing spread in that mall portfolio . okay , and it hazard a thought there be evolve , as it know , since the last [ indiscernible ] it be report in many different way and lease spread , just quick question , be it lease spread inclusive of all lease or it have the [ indiscernible ] shopping center but it only include space seller whatever kind of within 12 month or be it all -- it 24 month , Ki Bin , if the space have be dark over 24 , it not compare . okay , that ’ helpful . and it will not ask this every quarter but just give , that this be very top of line in people 's mind [ indiscernible ] talk about WPG , could it maybe for six month time talk about that trajectory of the NOI growth when it look at Glimcher pre - merger versus WPG pre merger ? [ indiscernible ] noi growth or may be that first quarter NOI growth . it be sorry , it do not -- it question do not come through completely clearly . be it ask what it NOI growth be go forward , can it repeat it ? it be sorry , what it mean be for the quarter so it ’ about 1 % NOI growth but if it have to segment it out Glimcher versus WPG how would that look like for the quarter ? hey , it do not segment that out . it be a combine company with few different asset type . so it do not segment it out , and it do not operate the portfolio that way . okay . and last question from it , can it -- it guy provide guidance on FFO but it be curious and it know this be maybe little bit tricky but may be provide some guidance on a FAD basis for post CapEx ? Ki Bin , it do talk about $ 100 million worth of free cash flow . it also talk about $ 65 million roughly of expenditure from a capex and kind of traditional tenant allowance , tenant improvement dollar . so it think the piece be there to figure it out . it next question come from the line of Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs . please proceed . Caitlin burrow it just have a question on it anchor . in look at it lease expiration still remain this year , it look like there be 15 anchor space . it be wonder if it could say anything about the timing and plan for those 15 space . hey , Caitlin , it be Mark . it think outside of a couple of non - core asset those lease and those expiration be either go to be address through renewal or it have plan to get the space release . so it feel good about the majority of those . and it think it just tie into once again , if it look at it current leasing on big - box 50,000 square foot or more in it mall space , exclude the non - core asset , it have two box right now of 50,000 square foot , that be not address in it mall portfolio . Caitlin burrow probably , the first of 300 box . well , it will just say in most case the anchor have build - in option and typically take it half historically . so somehow it look like there be a lot of space turn and it be just someone exercise the option or it -- or it have not hit the window yet , then it need to exercise it . but it be very little anchor on vacancy . these be opportunity when it get it . Caitlin burrow okay . and then , just last question on the anchor and it come up on various earning call , so figure out it ask it . it know it guy have a number of Sears location , it see there be 60 . it guess could it just talk about the type of conversation it have with Sears recently ? and if there be any -- if any decision would be more on a space by space basis or if there could be some sort of large agreement like some of the other mall refinance ? well , it have a very good relationship with Sears . it talk to it , it talk to it frequently . it be profitable overwhelmingly in it portfolio . it do discuss possibility of transaction in some of the space . so it would say it will -- it again , think about it capital be always go to be very careful in the asset that it have , to be very careful about where it think it be worth put out capital to get a space back and what the advantage of that be go to be . so while obviously , it have see some of the JV agreement that Sears have do , it be probably a less robust opportunity in it portfolio than in some other . so -- but there be a few where it could certainly possibly do something . and it would tell -- Michael , it may want to comment not just about Sears but it anchor be kind of lease in general on that side . Michael Glimcher sure . and to say specifically , with 57 Sears , roughly 11 % of it GLA , only a little over 1 % of it -- or 1.2 % of it base rate , let it put that in perspective , it be probably not the high rent pay space it have in the portfolio , and it own a little over a third of it . so it look at that as upside , it look at that as opportunity , if there be to be an issue . it have a great mix of anchor . it have be enhance that mix . it talk about the junior anchor , the DICK 's Sporting Goods , h&ms thing it be add on top of the traditional department store . also , what it be do a Fairfield Commons , where it say it have a department store here , it think it be more productive to do five restaurant deal . it will create more visit , well quality of customer and high volume for that amount of space . so it think it job be to actively manage these asset , reinvest in it and come up with the right use . so if one day any of it anchor -- and this would be true to any of it peer , go away it have a lot of work to do . but the tremendous amount of opportunity it would have when it 10 % of it space pay 1 % of it rent give or take it do the math , if it can not find upside of that space , probably not the right people that do it . and it be very confident it can find a tremendous amount of upside . and obviously , it never hope for weak anchor . but in any give center , if there be a very weak anchor then the weakness of that anchor be already in the number for that center . so it just reinforce Michael 's point that if it be to decide to move on it either flat to positive for it . 