turn to slide three , it report an operating loss in the first quarter of $ 21 million at the segment level . EBITDA adjust to exclude the restructuring charge associate with the permanent shut down of it Gary Works and Granite City Works coke make facility be a $ 110 million for the first quarter . it face extremely difficult condition in the first quarter with high level of import and supply chain inventory and rapidly fall spot price and rig count significantly impact volume at both it flat rolled and tubular segment . the continue strengthening of the U.S. dollar , particularly in relation to the euro help to keep import pressure high in North America and negatively impact it european segment result . while it be take aggressive action in the near term to mitigate the downside result from the difficult market condition it result over the last 12 month reflect the earning leverage it have when market condition begin to improve . it remain focused on the execution of project support it Carnegie Way transformation that improve it earning power . turn to cash and liquidity on slide four ; it have a strong cash balance and enough liquidity to keep it well position to deal with the currently difficult condition . it generate a $ 136 million in cash from operation in the first quarter and have generate over a $ 1billion of cash in the last 12 month . it remain focused on cash management and continue to build on the work capital gain it make last year . a strong cash position , substantial liquidity and an improved balance sheet keep it position to invest in high return project include project that it have refer as quick win which be small in size and have very short implementation period . it strong cash position also support it strategic initiative to increase it funding for the research , innovation and technology need to develop the steel solution that will create value for both it customer and it stockholder . Dan will now provide additional detail about it segment result .  it , Dave . on slide five , first quarter result for it flat - roll segment decrease significantly compare to fourth quarter primarily due to low shipment include inter segment shipment to it tubular segment . it flat - roll segment result continue to be adversely impact by the mass of steel import that accelerate during the first quarter many of which it believe be unfairly trade . average realize price have decrease due to the adverse effect of these import which have serve to dramatically reduce spot market price and index and have negatively impact pricing on both spot and certain contract volume . the decline result also reflect the inefficiency result from reduced production level at all of it facility . on slide six first quarter result for it tubular segment decrease significantly compare to fourth quarter , primarily due to low shipment . shipment be adversely impact by reduced drilling activity cause by low coal price and a significant amount of tubular import volume . inefficiency from reduce operating level at all of it tubular facility also negatively affect first quarter result . for it european segment result be comparable to the fourth quarter with the positive effect of increase in shipment and reduction in raw material cost offset by negative foreign currency effect and a slight decrease in the average realize Euro base price . now it will turn the call back to Dave for some additional comment on it Carnegie Way transformation and the favorable impact it continue to deliver . David B. Burritt  Dan . turn to slide eight , on it earning call at the end of January , it disclose that it would have $ 150 million in Carnegie Way benefit in 2015 as compare to 2014 as the base year . it have continue to make progress as it pipeline of value create project have grow and it continue to focus on the disciplined and systematic execution of these project . include the benefit from project it implement during the first quarter it new total for 2015 Carnegie way benefit for 2015 be $ 340 million . a few example of project implement in the first quarter include process improvement increase the recovery of off gas [ ph ] in the steel shop at USSK for reuse as fuel for it boiler , not only reduce it purchase of natural gas and coal but also lower total CO2 emission . process improvement for tracking and management of couple inventory at it two wheeler operation result in low inventory level and reduce coupling purchase . process improvement for management of inner plant shipment in the flat - roll segment result in low freight cost and more efficient inventory plan and work capital management . there be thousand of project that aggregate , deliver substantial benefit that be get it to the impressive result it have achieve so far and it would once again like to emphasize that these be not target or objective and it be not speculative . these be the result of project and improvement that have be implement . it be spend cash wisely , implement Carnegie way project that create value and require less expenditure . it pace of progress on the Carnegie way transformation continue to exceed it expectation and the continue benefit will improve it capability to earn the right to grow and then drive sustainable , profitable growth over the long term as it deal with the cyclicality and volatility of the global steel industry . now turn to slide nine for an update on it Carnegie way transformation process . the Carnegie way be focus on value creation through a disciplined and structured improvement process with the objective be to earn an economic profit throughout the business cycle and deliver above market return to it stockholder . the Carnegie way transformation be a way it work to create value for it stockholder by improve it margin across the business cycle through sustainable improvement to it cost structure achieve operational excellence at all of it facility and provide it customer with differentiated and value create solution . it be in the second full year of what it see as a multi - year process but as it current result reflect it be not where it need to be yet . it be make real progress and it be create value by produce well margin than it have in similarly difficult condition in the past and the continuation of this process will lead it to sustainable margin that will deliver economic profit throughout the business cycle . today equity market be too heavily influence by short - term focus which can be a true impediment to real and sustainable value creation by detour and discourage the investment in and commitment to innovation , technology and product development that will drive profitability over the long - term . it be pursue a value creation strategy that will benefit the true long - term investor , that provide a sustainable capital base for it company . these be the people that own it company and be the people it work for and it will make it strategic decision base on what it believe be in it good interest and not for the benefit of those that invest in short - term market volatility . with the Carnegie Way it achieve economic profit in 2014 and create commercial entity to get close to it customer . it launch operational excellence strategy where the improvement in CapEx management and delivery performance and be hold it leadership team to high level of personal and professional accountability . no doubt it have a lot more work to do and it will not be deter by short - term volatility . and now it will turn the call over to Mario to cover several important area .  it , Dave . it have take aggressive and decisive action to address the extremely challenging condition it be currently face in North America . some of these be very difficult decision that have a significant impact on it employee and it family and it do not take these lightly . but these be some of the action that be necessary for it to remain well positioned to respond when the market condition improve . it have reduce it operating grade at all of it facility in North America and will continue to make the adjustment necessary to serve it customer in the most cost effective manner without sacrifice quality , delivery and service that it customer rely on . and most importantly it will do this without compromise it commitment to the safety of it employee . in this regard while it continue to make improvement in it safety process and performance it be still not satisfied and it will keep work toward it goal of zero incident and injury . it order rate have be significantly impact by high level of import into the north american market that have continue unabated , result in operating level that have cause it to lay off a significant number of it employee and will likely result in the number of lay - off increase go forward . it be attack every aspect of it cost structure and exercise every opportunity that it have to eliminate , reduce and defer cost . it have many cost lever that it can pull in response to a downturn in market condition and it be pull it as quickly and as hard as it can . it estimate that the impact of these short - term action will reduce cost over the balance of the year by at least $ 200 million . it would like to emphasize that these be the result of short - term action that will reverse as eventually -- as it eventually return to normal operating level and bring it people back to work . these cost reduction be in addition to the sustainable improvement to it business model result from it Carnegie Way transformation that Dave discuss a few minute ago . unfortunately it have also have to resort to issue award [ ph ] notice over the last few month which will help it with the flexibility it need to continue to adjust it operating level to match it customer ’s need . while these award notice cover a large number of employee and facility the actual number of employee lay off and the operating level at it facility will be determine by market condition . it be also take action to reduce it corporate and support function cost . it currently have three blast furnace idle at it steel produce facility , one at Fairfield , one at Granite City and one at Gary . it will run the other eight blast furnace at level that will provide the steel it need to meet it customer ’ requirement and it remain ready to respond as order rate improve . it continue to operate finish facility at all of it flat - roll plant and be produce energy tubular product for it customer at all of it tubular facility with some facility run at significantly reduce operating rate . while it be take these short - term action it continue to aggressively pursue the long - term strategic initiative that be critical to the ultimate success of it transformation and the creation of value for all of it stakeholder . it commercial entity be firmly in place and be actively engage with it customer to find the differentiate steel solution that will drive high margin for both of it and it customer and transition it from merely be just another vendor to be a trust business partner . it continue to make the investment to implement it Carnegie way drive reliability center maintenance program at all of it facility . this will result in more consistent , efficient cost effective and safe operating condition as it be focus on achieve operational excellence at not just it production facility but in every aspect of it business model . now before it take it question it would like to give a brief summary of what it be see in it market and it guidance for 2015 . the automotive market continue to be a very good market for it and it expect it to remain strong throughout the year . it expect to see continue growth in construction , include increase demand for construction equipment . recent service center datum , particularly flat roll inventory level and material and order level suggest that order rate should start to improve during the second quarter . exclude the energy sector , steel consumption in North America be generally good , but extremely high level of import , many of which it believe be unfairly trade continue to negatively impact order rate for domestic steel producer . in the energy market , rig count continue to decline and the high level of import ton that continue to arrive suggest that a recovery in domestic order rate will be difficult until late in the year at good . it continue to expect slight growth in steel consumption in Europe with well growth rate in the central european region . to turn out to slide 12 and it will take a look at it outlook . it have enter 2015 in a very volatile market and face significant headwind from dramatically low oil price , low steel price , a strong US dollar and significant import pressure . as it progress through the first quarter , these headwind become much strong . spot price for flat roll product have decrease at an accelerated pace reach level well below market expectation at the beginning of the year and import have remain at historically high level . the pace and the magnitude of the drop in both oil price and drill rig count have result in decrease steel demand for both finished product and substrate supply by it flat roll segment for the production of tubular product . low order rate for both flat rolled and tubular product have result in low utilization rate and increase operational inefficiency at all of it facility in North America . it expect low overall steel consumption level to extend time need to rebalance supply chain inventory level in both flat rolled and tubular market it serve . it have take aggressive action to reduce cost and adjust it operating level in the near term , but can not fully offset these increase headwind . take into account all of the significantly negative change it have see in it market over the last three month . it now expect it full year 2015 adjust EBITDA to be between $ 700 million and $ 900 million . it be take action [ ph ] for not only cost reduction but also for the increase opportunity that it more nimble cost structure enable . it be in the long term journey , it be make progress and it will continue to do so .  it Mario . Tom , can it please queue up for question . question - and - answer session yes . [ Operator Instructions ] . it first question today come from the line of Luke Folta represent Jefferies . please go ahead . hi  .  Luke . first question it have be , just in regard to how it should think about some of the move part into the second quarter . and it know it have sort -- it step away from provide specific guidance on a quarterly basis but pre - mature price pressure , it have see in the first - half of this year and it get lag in contract and that be go to impact selling price . it have also be very aggressive on the cost reduction side , and idle some facility . so it be just hope it can provide some high level color in term of how it should think about 2Q versus 1Q , the full year guidance be interesting but without some level of context it be not as useful as it think it could be with some color on that ? well Luke , it think it be exactly right about price . it mean clearly when it look at it contract structure and it have that chart that it share [ ph ] , it will see some significant decrease in it average price of flat roll quarter - over - quarter . and it think as it look on the market it do not think there be expectation it will get any volume offset for that . it know on the tubular market , the rig count just continue to fall . it be already down into the low 900s now , that result in make the supply chain inventory situation bad there , because [ indiscernible ] so fast . so it think it be go to see a continue deterioration in tubular market for some time also . okay . so it mean it sound like it be say else equal it think 2q low than 1Q but then nice recovery in the second - half largely up on pricing . yeah , it should think of it as a normal flow - through when it look at the contract price that be there for it . but there be sign that some inventory level on the flat roll side be begin to dwindle . it be begin to see an order intake pick - up and there seem to be inflection as far the pricing be concern . okay . and then secondly on tabular , the shipment decline in the first quarter be bite more extreme than expect , clearly it be expect a fall off give the rig count but it recall it point out that January - February shipment be generally okay . so as it look through the remainder of the year it guess it thought on where it may see a bottom in term of timing and just magnitude and shipment , feel like it maybe move up a bit . as it look out , it think it be go to be well into the back - half of the year before it see a pick - up in shipment . how do it think about the progression of shipment in tubular from here do it sort of stay at this level for next couple of quarter , or it see that sort of it know continue to decline ? well it think the decline into tubular be continue , certainly in the order Luke . it think it will see and close to very , very low bottom at that point and then it be just go to have see how much CapEx be go to begin to flow back , and the other thing be go to be how import be go to keep play a role in there too . it next question today come from the line of Tony Rizzuto with Cowen and Company . please go ahead . Anthony Rizzuto  very much . hi , gentleman .  , Tony . Anthony Rizzuto  , Mario . it also want to drill down on it guidance and specifically it be try to get a well handle on how to think about unit cost progression and it look back at the result in the fourth quarter in the flat roll segment it be very impressive , even with a nearly 20 % decline sequentially volume , the calculated unit cost be only up $ 10 per ton and in the first quarter and certainly it applaud it guy for operate with all the challenge it have , 60 % operating but with volume down 13 % sequentially , unit cost blow out up a $ 100 per ton . so can it help it understand a little bit about the move part and the impact on the unit cost and how it should be think about that as it be also aggressively work on Carnegie Way go forward , how should it think about that come together ? David B. Burritt well Tony on the unit cost it know the low operating rate go the strong inefficiency it get it just get to be a big headwind on that point basis . the other thing that probably in that first quarter versus fourth quarter projection be it do have a normal seasonal impact , negative impact 1q versus 4Q on it mining operation and that will not be not only it whole year mining operation but also it think about it investee , it investment in mine JV that flow through also and then it think there be also some , as it be move towards lie off it have some accrual in there that address the come lay - off that be go to be hit it . so those be probably some of the cost piece that make that absorption look bad , much bad during the fourth quarter and the absolute total cost be a little bit down but with volume be down the cost absorption just really take over . Anthony Rizzuto okay so if it understand it correctly some of those item be certainly as it guy be reposition the workforce and resize it if it will and some seasonal and also it note that the AASI operate rate seem to have pick up during in the last couple of week . Would that be indicative of what it guy be see in it trend in it order book ? so if from an operating or capacity utilization standpoint how should it think about that for it guy ? it think that ’ true in the flat roll side Tony . if it look at inventory it come down a little bit again it think order intake be -- it have see that begin to grow but on the tubular side there be still a very significant amount of inventory in place , it would suggest around 9 to 10 month and import be still come in . so it get to make that distinction . Anthony Rizzuto and again that ’ go to impact the substrate , it guess pull from flat roll as well continue ? yeah , very definitely tony . it have a significant presence in the energy business and the flat roll segment be the sole supplier to the energy division . Anthony Rizzuto okay it will turn it over and look to get back in the queue ,  . and it next question today come from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley . please go ahead hey  guy . so just want to walk it through some simple math on the slide and it seem like if it take Q1 as a starting point , annualize EBITDA would be somewhere around 440 and then if it add to that additional Carnegie it ’ another 190 and short term benefit be 200 , it kind of get a little bit to the -- above the midpoint of it guidance range . so it guess that ’ kind of how it be think about it , but can it maybe talk a little bit about what sort of it guess , the unknown in that equation be , volume trajectory and volume pricing trajectory in energy for the rest of the year , can it talk a little bit about what may it to the high end of it guidance range versus the low end ? well it think Evan it have the import . the question ’ go to be , the three big factor be go to be price and volume and quite the big , couple of big factor of volume be the import level and how fast the supply chain inventory can normalized . so it think when it look at that range of outcome for it there be a range of that -- those three piece , one , new price move how much , how fluent , how long it last ; one be price inventory really get absorb and the order rate start show up and really as the import situation move do it get well . so it think there be a range of outcome in all those that kind of when it put it all together give it a range of number that it be look at here . okay , maybe one other one if it may on just an update on the trade case , seem like it ’ be pretty tough beginning of the year . it seem like the industry have be harm , give everyone ’s result have be so , since it step down from 4Q to 1Q be it close to some sort of filing it think at this point ? Evan , what it can tell it it ’ not a question of if , it ’ a question of when . and make no mistake it be go to continue to fight against the legal dumping , period . okay , well it guess it will stay tune then , all right ,  guy . and it next question be from Brett Levy with jefferie . please go ahead hey guy , to sort of follow up on it answer to Tony , it sound like it may take an active Congress , typically the IPC do not consider currency movement this quarter , it dump margin . Can it talk with a little bit more granularity about kind of the step and typically it take two quarter of loss before it ’ most effective to get the optimum dumping margin , can it talk a little bit about it strategy , a little bit kind of what it be do , kind of within the IPC within Congress ? just talk about it strategy . it ’ clearly something that ’ necessary and everybody on the call really want to know kind of what be the [ indiscernible ] of what it be do ? let it put it to it this way , the case that be file , not it be only not complex to put together but it be a one important time saddle that take place against a certain country or certain company . what it have do though in the big strategy , it have propose trade language that it hope will be a part of the ongoing debate on PPA . that language very much clarify the true definition of injury , it be engraine into X where it can implement and enforce that law and that be the ultimately solution to this situation . in reality it think the debate around PPA have provide it with a window of opportunity where it can implement what it consider to be the ultimate solution to dump in a country . that be the most critical part of that . so it ’ an ongoing affair , but now it think it have a well moment to try to do something at this point in time that may become the ultimate solution . and Brent the other thing be that it do have on it website where it post it q&a it have a one in there that be a pretty good description of how the process work and what it approach be . so that ’ probably a pretty good reference to everybody in that Q&A document that be on page five of that document that ’ on it website right now . sorry question five on the document . it next question come from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets . please go ahead . hi , great ,  for take it question . it do want to hone in again on the full year guidance now that have be revise , three month ago at $ 1.1 billion to $ 1.4 billion and back then there be not much visibility , obviously in term of the underlying price assumption behind the guidance and it think that be a bit of a frustrating point for some of it on that call . so now that it have to cut [ ph ] expectation so it be go to ask the same question again what be the pricing framework if it could give it a sense around ? for example it expectation of second half roll coil price , that flow through the $ 700 million to $ 900 million and also what ’ it framework around the tubular business for the second half ?  . David B. Burritt well , it think for it to talk about price , where it think price will go when it competitor be on the line , it anti - trust guy will shoot it . so let it just not [ indiscernible ] that question . it can not have that discussion in public . it ’ against the law , but it will say that it look at index , it look ForEx projection it look at same projection everybody else be look at and it think if it go back to January most of the expectation where that CRE pricing level for the year be go to be probably $ 50 or $ 60 high than those same index be project now . so it think that ’ the magnitude , the change that it be pick up now but it think that ’ just from the observable market index that be out there . it look at all those that it can . it base it decision on that . it do not have some unique view of the world it be put under those projection . okay , just as a follow - up on the $ 190 million Carnegie benefit how much of that actually flow through the Q1 result ? the $ 190 million incremental sorry how much of that flow through the q1 ? David B. Burritt that ’ some stuff that be do during the course of -- it ’ usually that ’ much more of a future impact because the current quarter it do those thing it do not get a lot of immediate impact . David B. Burritt that ’ really what ’ go to -- most of that would definitely show up in the next three quarter . okay . and then just the last question , it know it can not give it a number but be it embed some kind of price improvement in the second half in it expectation ? David B. Burritt it just say it think market condition will be well . market condition be go to be a combination of price , volume , import those thing . okay , all right  . and it have a question from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America . yeah , hello ,  .  Timna . it just want to -- sorry it have the wrong button press , it hear it now right . okay excellent . so it think it explain really well the caution to the first quarter but it do seem like the contract structure that it give on page 18 , it ’ a trail 12 month . so if it be to see that now it would be change , it imagine because of OCTG drop off . so do that explain maybe why it price only fall $ 7 a ton quarter - over - quarter . Can it talk a little bit more about how to think about the price trajectory . it know it have contract structure the way it be but it seem like it ’ be slow to pass through the sharp drop in price just look for a little bit more color about the timing and how to think about that ? yeah , so it think the big piece , it do see the contract so it can get a good look on how that flow . if it look these low volume certainly it do much less spot , would typically be much low price . so it do not have as much of that flow into it mix . so from that standpoint it have a little strong mix in it average selling price . it think if it look at same chart from last quarter , that roll four month it will see that it spot percentage drop 7 % just in one quarter . so that be a pretty significant change of mix that be go to be impact the average spot price . but without doubt when it think about the trajectory of CRU month - by - month and quarter - by - quarter the adjustable contract be go to see it effect much heavy now than go forward than it do in the first quarter . okay and maybe it turn away some business that be pretty low price or it mean it seem like a small decline . David B. Burritt very definitely timna it always say that , that ’ something that it learn more about and it be focus on and that be exactly what happen here . okay and it other question be just a clarification . it think it say pretty clearly in the discussion , but it say the one that just do not necessarily mean that it just close facility . but it be kind of give it that flexibility . but in light of the fact that import be already fall off here irrespective of all this discussion about a trade case and price seem to be recover . it just be wonder how to think about how quickly it could change it trajectory or how quickly could it start some of this capacity . how do it think about and if it have a view that thing be on the recovery , how quickly could it respond . well Timna it can not give it a specific number . but it can tell it that if it look at the recovery at whatever rate it come back it be go to be there to meet it . that be the kind of flexibility that it have put in place . yeah timna it have three furnace that it sort of operate now . one at Granite City will be down for a lot of period because of the cash flow project until that be complete but the furnace at Gary and the Furnace at Fairfield it could it come online immediately . so it have the flexibility to bring that on . and so there be really only very small piece of it capacity that be out for an extended period because of the cash flow project at Granite City . and it will go to line of Nathan Littlewood represent Credit Suisse . please go ahead . Nathan Littlewood hey guy .  for the opportunity . listen it just have some question on LIBOR [ ph ] one off associate with some of these unfortunate redundancy it be have to put through . if it add up all of the employee it have already lay off plus all the people that it have get on one notice at the moment , the total about 9000 which be … David B. Burritt that ’ correct . Nathan Littlewood which be about 40 % of it total north american workforce . it be just wonder if it not be able to tell it what sort of allowance exist in the March quarter for some of these redundancy . and be there any sort of metric or rule of thumb it could give it think about that in the future . David B. Burritt Nathan , it 10-Q which will be file later today , there be some disclosure on 10-Q on those cost . it do not have it in front of it but it be in the Q. so it will be able to get a good look at those . Nathan Littlewood okay , great  . and it will check that out . the other question it have be just on the tubular business . again if it look at the asset idling that have be announce today . it seem , it guess until at least recently , it be mainly in the weld pipe , less so in the sort of seamless than it be not until recently it see some announcement on the connection business . so be there , it guess as it look at the tubular portfolio there ’ obviously a difference across all of these asset in term of it margin and profitability . but it guess be there a certain amount of high grading go on of the tubular portfolio and be it perhaps that the rig count datum for example kind of overstate the impact to the earning potential of that business . and then what be really be leave with once this be kind of downsize a little bit be perhaps a slightly high grade or high margin coal . well the basic strategy as it have talk about before really be lead towards an enhanced type of product mix that it be go to with the generation of the premium connection that it will be launch several than this year . so that be a correct assessment Nathan . the part though be that if it look at the way in which price of oil fall the rate at which CapExes on the part of it customer be curtail or to a very large degree stop , and the dollar strong and the amount of import , it have impact pretty much all the way through . so it have idle facility that be in the ERW arena a few month ago but it have significantly curtail production on the other part of that business too . so the operating level of some of these facility be incredibly low and that ’ what have lead for it to be able to have this view that for a long period of time , throughout this year , the recovery be not go to be there and that ’ why the [ indiscernible ] notice be put in place . the next question come from the line of Curtis Woodworth with Nomura . please go ahead . Curtis Woodworth hi ,  , Mario and Dave . Curtis Woodworth in addition to the project Carnegie benefit of 340 , there be obviously a lot of other fix cost reduction that it guy be try to achieve either through Granite City or the idling of the blast furnace , as well as potential head count reduction . Can it kind of help it quantify the amount of additional fix cost reduction it be target this year or what would be kind of embedded in it guidance range . the fix part be really more in Carnegie , the other piece really that 200 plus that it disclose today , be from lay - off and idling and thing again , those be more short term operating change , those cost reduction be about 200 plus that it have on that slate today . fix cost be really more of the Carnegie long term improvement business model . Curtis Woodworth so the 19D have an assumption for head count reduction for the remainder of the year . yes , the 19D would have the assumption of head count reduction to the extent it be permanent headcount reduction . anything that be temporary will be in the part of that 200 . Curtis Woodworth okay , and then a question just on , trade case dynamic and how it be think about it , seem like a lot of the discussion of market have be cold roll and Coda [ ph ] filing but less so on the hot roll market , so it be just wonder do it believe that the overall market in term of the sheet market can improve , if for example it put a cold roll or a [ indiscernible ] case on what would prevent the company or country from just shift say to hot roll production and then export that and coat in the US . do it feel like it need more it guess a blanket solution to the whole problem . well , Kurt , first and foremost the trade case that it work on it be all over , it be not just confine to flat roll . it be significant indeed in the tubular side also . when it talk about a permanent solution , it refer back to the work it be do try to seize the moment with the discussion around PPA . that really be the blanket solution . it need a legislative relief that be sustainable and that ’ why it have work very hard and it offer Congress the proper language that clarify definition of injury , that be part of the Company Bills that be be debate today . and if that go into place , then the whole scenario be go to change quite significantly . the next question be from the line of Matt Murphy with UBS , please go ahead . hi , just a question on energy cost and whether it be see any benefit to the potential to the lock low cost , natural gas price to a certain extent . and also wonder just with respect to it mining operation be it see much help from current oil price ? well , it normally do apply a hedge strategy go forward to a portion of the energy bill it need from a gas perspective . and certainly it team be diligently always look at it in order to try to expand the period of the hedge . the iron ore operation though it ’ -- it be be as flexible again as it need to be . if it look at the adjustment that it make to the steel production side it be align that with the mining operation , and again there be flexibility there . so that it can recover whenever these market change but it be try to align the whole value chain to the current market condition . the next question come from the line of Brian Yu with Citi . please go ahead . great ,  ,  .  , Brian . hey , on the first quarter what be the kind of idled and outage cost and as it think about the ongoing cost in 2q , 3Q , let just say that ongoing basis assume that these three blast furnace stay idled what would be those quarterly cost ? David B. Burritt yeah , it have not cog those specifically either . in fact it think when it get into that discussion back in ’ 09 , try to be helpful it create a level of confusion than it help . so it mean those be just with the inefficiency the cost absorption , it be all just absorb in that . so the timing of volume be go to be the most important factor , whether it have a line off here or a blast furnace off there , that ’ not the big driver , it say it learn from it strength and past outlook and it just turn out to be very helpful anyway . okay , how about it try to ask a little bit different way , it operate at 60 % utilization rate , if it be able to maximize utilization of the facility that it have currently run what utilization rate do it get up to ? well if it go back and it look at similar condition that it have face in the past and it do the base analysis on the difference in input cost like coal and energy and all that and price , if it look at the portion of it , that it can really control it be well than it have be in those situation before and that be just go to continue . in this journey where it be take cost out , improve the efficiency on a regular basis as soon as this market turn it be go to see that the earning power be go to have grow quite significantly . all right , great .  , good luck guy . all right . and it will go to line of Gordon Johnson with Wolfe Research . please go ahead .  for take it question .  , Gordon . hey , guy . it guess with respect to the EBITDA guidance for the full year it seem like there be a heavy weighing to the back half . Can it maybe some clarity on how much of this be volume versus ASP versus cost reduction relate ? then it have a follow - up . David B. Burritt it be a combination of all three because depend on what volume do , will dictate what it do on the cost side , will dictate what happen on the price side . so it will react differently depend on which direction these three piece move . certainly it will work as hard as it can on the cost side but what happen with pricing with influence it decision on what it do as far as what work it take , it do not what configuration it go to , it think if it see a well trajectory in order rate that certainly would influence what it pricing expectation would be . okay , that ’ helpful . David B. Burritt there be really three move part that interact with each other so there be not a static piece for any one of it . the one thing that be real too Gordon be the fact that some of the Carnegie Way improvement that be directly relate to operational efficiency , the high utilization that it have it ’s exponentially high than the number of dollar that it be go to get . so that by it it will see translate in big dollar if it can more get volume into the operation . that ’ helpful , that ’ helpful . and then with respect to the trade case clearly it have see a significant fall in iron ore price , the dollar be high . so it guess do it think right now be a good time to potentially file a trade case give it seem like some of the market dynamic be really what ’ drive the import versus unfair trading . when it look at the margin of the Chinese Steel maker it still remain fairly positive across the board . it think now be good time or do it … any time that it can conclude the analysis be a good time to do that . what it know be that it ’ happen , it ’ there , some of these factory that it mention just put a little more complication in the analysis but as soon as it nail the case it go regardless . and it really be a product by product assessment , it ’ not whether a company be make , a chinese company be make money in total . it be what it be do with a particular product and how it be price that particular product . yeah , regardless of all those additional factor illegal dumping be ongoing and that have get to be stop . and it next question be from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc . please go ahead .  , Phil . just curious on [ indiscernible ] and that idle and really what would bring that back give the fact that with it future operational footprint it may not need those ton and be there any future desire , if Canada be restructure to reenter that business either in part or in full ? the flexibility be complete over there Phil . it mention in the past that there be eventually an opportunity for DRI , there be eventually an opportunity for even pig iron and bring it back on be not a very difficult affair . so it have it , it ’ there , it ’ a good quality , the operation be excellent and it ’ a flexible tool that what it have at it disposal here to use as the market need . and then any comment on Canada as far as willingness to get back in to that business either in part or in full if it ’ restructure ? well , it ’ deconsolidate . it be go through it motion over there in order to resolve the situation and it will see how that go . it will keep it eye on it . okay and then just as a follow - up if it could , be the second half exit rate in EBITDA indicative , be not indicative of current pricing condition or some improvement in pricing condition , i.e. what it be see on the future curve ?  . it do not think it can look at a single quarter and use that as a full indication , give the fact that some of the variable flow through and then it really need probably a long period of time to see where that ’ go . it next question come from the line of Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan . please go ahead Michael Gambardella yes ,  .  Michael . Michael Gambardella just have a follow up question on the trade case . it ’ clear that there be a lot of import around -- while it be go to be clear that it be cause some injury eventually , but be it more difficult to really say that it be unfairly trade and to prove that when for most of 2014 U.S. sheet price be about 40 % or 50 % high than chinese or foreign price . the U.S. price be one of the criterion for the trade loss . trade loss be what it be do in it market and what it be do in relate to it cost , U.S. price be not part of the trade loss . Michael Gambardella right , it understand but it have the price premium in the U.S. at record high , above $ 200 for most of the year and it should not be any surprise that import be high now because of that premium . it be just say be the delay in these case on flat roll because it ’ it be run into difficulty prove that it be unfairly trade last year ? no , it look at it it have what 30 million ton roughly about a year and a half as import , it ’ up to 47 million right now and it take a portion of that be illegally dump in here , it ’ a big number . Michael Gambardella okay , so it can prove that the vast majority of it be illegally dump and price in the U.S. be at such a big premium for all last year versus foreign price ? yeah , it be sure there be some import come in because of price arbitrage that be fairly trade and those be not the issue , the unfairly trade one be really the issue . Michael Gambardella okay , all right  a lot . it next question be from the line of Justine Fischer represent Goldman Sachs . please go ahead Justine Fischer  . the question it have be on the impact of potential trade case as oppose to the process and after the trade case in OCTG be bring last year , it think a lot of it look at the market datum as far as the tonnage come in et cetera and it think people expect to see a massive improvement in pricing or a massive drop off in volume and it do not really see that . so it first question to it be what do it need to see out of a trade case decision in order to have a meaningful impact on OCTG trade give that the levy that be decide on last year and some of there be against it and some of the heavy import country do not seem to have that big an impact on the market ? well that ’ why it mention that it have be offer legislative change on the part of the definition of injury . that really be what be the ultimate solution and by the way some of the case that be win last year the margin be very inappropriate , which prove the determination of some of those nation and company to come after this market , regardless it have other purpose , other reason to create those business over there . it will remind it in the case of South Korea on the CTG case it have barely a 15 % margin that barely cover anything and by the way it produce some -- in ton of product of which it consume none and 98 % of that come into the United States . so it be really this moment , with this new language that be tie to the TPA process could be a game changer . Justine Fischer okay  . and then it second question be just about the issue of market share . it think that when it have see it announcement to cut the capacity it view that as positive as far as bring the market overall and back into supply demand balance . but do it feel as though it guy have lose some market share on the flat rolled side as a result give that there maybe some other mill that can just continue to produce on either on low cost or high level . it know it mention that it can bring back capacity fairly quickly , so maybe it be not kind of a long - term issue but do it feel that it cede any in the interim . the only loss of the market share that it have have have be to import Justine . that be the area where it lose it . Justine Fischer okay , great ,  very much . and it next question be from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank . please go ahead . Jorge Beristain hi  . it just want to drill down a little more deeply into the cost issue again , give that realize pricing be roughly flat quarter - on - quarter and the big drop off in it ebitda be due to that sort of $ 100 change in unit cost . it do mention it be due to fix cost or lack of fix cost dilution but then it also mention earlier that there be some reservation that it be make in term of the warrant notice that it put out and as well probably some layoff cost . so it be wonder if it could just quantify of that $ 100 sequential change it see in cost . but how much of that be due to fix cost or a lack of fix cost dilution and how much be due to one - off . David B. Burritt it do not have those detail right now but in the q there be a quantification of layoff impact . so it mean that it should be able to figure out how much of that $ 100 be relate to those . but it do not have a detailed breakdown of the fix and all the component with it right now . next question be from the line of Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie . please go ahead . Aldo Mazzaferro yes , so  .  Aldo . Aldo Mazzaferro it think it just answer the question it be go to ask but the -- there have to be something in it number that cause those over $ 100 ton cost decline on an $ 8 ton decline in pricing . and just back into it be difficult volume that it would argue that more than 100 % of it cost be fix . so it wonder if it could just tell it if there be change in it input cost , raw material or how much it take as accrual for lay - off or anything else that may have sequentially go up or down in the cost structure .  . David B. Burritt on the cost side be one - off , like that the layoff number that be in the q be cost that go up . and the seasonal impact of the mining operation , and the mining jv would be a negative cost issue quarter - over - quarter . so those will be two decent size item in addition to the fix cost absorption piece of that . Aldo Mazzaferro great and then Dan can it also explain what that tax benefit relate to -- be there an offset somewhere in the cost that would reflect those high depreciation expense or what be that benefit due to ? David B. Burritt the big factor that move it off a statutory tax rate be it excess depletion allowance that it get related to mining operation and unfortunately the closer it income be to breakeven the much big impact that have on that calculate tax rate . Aldo Mazzaferro okay , and could it ask one separate question on strategy [ indiscernible ] . when it go back to EAF and run it be it go to be make long product with that EAF like tool ground [ ph ] or it be go to go after flat roll deduction . no it be mostly round for the energy business Aldo . Aldo Mazzaferro right , that would make -- so it will not openly be make flat roll at that location anymore . no , the flexibility be there it can supply Fair Field operation with slab from other place . so it be very , very flexible in that regard . it final question today will come from the line of David Lipschitz with CLSA . please go ahead . David Lipschitz  guy . just to follow up on Aldo ’s question about the tax , so in the second quarter do it expect a big tax benefit ? David B. Burritt it do not have second quarter projection on tax . it ’ base on it annual assumption and like the big factor that excess depletion allowance and that ’ if it look at 10-k that ’ a pretty number . so it just depend on really what it operating result turn out to be on how that effect it blend tax position at the end of the quarter . David Lipschitz so let it just say it be flat quarter - over - quarter would it be the same number ? David B. Burritt it do not know . it have not see that calculation . David Lipschitz okay ,  it . okay  all . it appreciate all the question . Mario , a final remark here for it . sure so before it sign off it would like to acknowledge the hard work of it employee and it extraordinary effort to improve it company , while remain fully committed to it core value of ethic integrity and safety . it know some of the short - term action that it take impact it team , but these action be necessary to create a strong company . slowly but surely all of the initiative be pursue will make it strong and better position to serve it customer and will result in a well and safe work place for all of it employee . 