By now, everyone should have had access to the second quarter earnings release, which went out this afternoon. The release is available on the Investor Relations section of Fairway's website at fairwaymarket.com. This call is being webcast-ed, and the replay will be available on the company's website as well.

Before we begin, we would like to remind everyone that the prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements, and management may make additional forward-looking statements. These statements do not guarantee future performance, and therefore, undue reliance should not be placed upon them.

We refer all of you to the risk factors contained in Fairway's annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2014 and the 10-Q filed this afternoon. Fairway assumes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements that may be made in today's release or call.

In addition, with our new CEO and new Chief Merchandising Officer now onboard, Fairway's senior management is in the process of conducting a review of all aspects of the company's operation. Because this review is in process and we do not want to comment prematurely, we will not take any questions during this call.

And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jack.

Jack Murphy

Good afternoon, everybody. It's Jack Murphy, and I just want to let people know that I joined the company on September 22, and I am excited and really honored and humbled to be taking over at Fairway, which is an iconic brand in New York. And I've been at this for a very long time, and I started coming to look at Fairway in 1985 and have continued to watch their progress and really feel excited to be now chosen to be the CEO of the company at a very, very important time for Fairway.

Just a quick background for me. I started a long time ago, back in the '80s, with a company called Purity Supreme and Heartland Food Warehouse in New England, then decided that there was an opportunity in the natural and organic space and started a company called Fresh Fields in Washington, D.C. with my partner, Mark Ordan. And at that time, we grew it from 0 to 25 stores and sold it to Whole Foods. At that time, who had 40 stores. And then moved on to a very interesting part of my life as a private equity operating partner for a company called McCown Deleeuw. And at that point, when I joined the company, the firm had just purchased a small little fitness company called 24 Hour Fitness, had 30 clubs. And from that point forward until around 2004 -- I joined the firm in 1997 and from 1997 to 2004 was the operating partner on that deal and worked very closely with the CEO, Mark Mastrov, who really deserves all the credit for having built 24 Hour Fitness. But by the time we sold it, it had been built to the largest fitness company in the world, 400 clubs in Western Mississippi, 120 in Scandinavia and 30 in Asia, and we sold it to Teddy Forstmann's group in 2004.

I might just say, as a parenthetical, this is the third time that I flunked retirement. I've retired twice and now coming back. I most recently was CEO of a growing and very, very viable company called Earth Fare, headquartered in Nashville, North Carolina, grew that from 10, 11 stores to now have 33 stores open and 10 more stores in the pipeline. And back in April, I retired for the third time. I finally have come out of retirement to take on this assignment and to really try to take Fairway to the next level of both growth, profitability and opportunity.

I think the thing that really excites me the most is the uniqueness of Fairway, both its iconic reputation in the industry, its ability to really appeal to the customer base on many fronts, both with the conventional, organic, natural and specialty products that are really exceptional in each of the categories that they serve.

The near-term focus for myself and the team here, myself; Ed Arditte; Kevin McDonnell, who's the Chief Operating Officer; and Dorothy Carlow, who's joined as our Chief Merchandising Officer, is really pretty simple. We're going to really push hard on very detailed marketing and merchandising plans to build the same-store sales back, enhance the operating disciplines in many areas, most importantly in the areas of shrink, labor and procurement, and to drive business process in the ordering and receiving areas.

Fairway has a tremendously successful foundation. It has all of the right pieces and parts to really reach the next level of both profitability and growth. There's a lot of work to do here at Fairway, but there's also a tremendous amount of opportunity. We have a really fantastic, deep team, over 4,000 team members, many who've been with Fairway anywhere from 3 to 30 years. There's a commitment, a passion, an opportunity and a real opportunity to grow this company. Although for the next few months, as Nico said, we're going to be making some really in-depth assessments, making some really good plans and then really driving the business forward.

But I want to emphasize one important thing. The bones of this company are strong and good, and the opportunity for us in the short term and then in the longer term are really what excites me about the opportunity to have another chance to build and help to build with a bunch of great people here a great company. We are not going to be taking any questions or -- at the end of this. It's premature for me, having only been here for 4, 5 weeks, to really get into any depth. But as we go forward in future calls, I think you'll see that we are doing a lot of good stuff, making a lot of improvements and really going to move the company in exactly the right direction.

With that, I would turn it over to -- there's only one -- I'd make one kind of final kind of thing for me. I'm -- as you probably could tell if I said, "Park the car," I'm a lifelong Bostonian who is now relocated to Manhattan with my wife. And having grown up a mile from Fenway Park, it's a little bit difficult for me to actually associate with some of the New York teams here, but I'm doing the best I can. And I think this Bostonian is going to show these New Yorkers what it's like to have real winning sports teams, which, I'm sure, is going to aggravate at least 3/4 of the people on the phone.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Ed and look forward to meeting each of you, either individually or in an opportunity we're going to put together in the next few weeks for people to get together with myself and Dorothy and the team, probably at our store on Broadway for a quick meet-and-greet. So we'll have more to come and more to offer to everybody, but this is a strong, viable company that is really poised and will improve dramatically as we go forward.

So Ed, I'd turn the rest of it over to you at this point.

Edward C. Arditte

Okay. Thanks, Jack. Good afternoon, everybody. Let me start by saying that I am pleased and excited to have Jack and Dorothy Carlow at Fairway. I've gotten to know both of them over the past few months and believe they have the -- not only the food retail expertise and experience but also the leadership to take Fairway to a higher level of performance.

The second quarter that we're reporting on today was a challenge for Fairway as the summer months often are for businesses with a large, perishable product mix like ours. We did see improved results in September and early indications of the continuation of that improvement in October. I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing and believe we are truly doing the right things to strengthen the company and improve our performance.

Now during the second quarter, sales increased approximately 6% to $194 million compared to $183 million in the prior year. The increase in sales was driven by the contribution from our 3 new stores, 1 that opened during the second quarter of last year and 2 which opened subsequent to that, including 1 that opened during the second quarter of this current fiscal year.

Same-store sales for the quarter were down 3.9%, driven by a decrease in comparable customer count of 3% and a decrease in average basket size of 90 basis points compared to the second quarter last year. Now excluding Red Hook in both periods, same-store sales were down about 2.4% in the second quarter compared to last year.

Next, the gross margin for the quarter declined 180 basis points on a year-over-year basis, driven by several items. The merchandise margin for the quarter was down 130 basis points, and that was primarily due to higher shrink commodity cost inflation that we particularly felt in the meat category and certain other categories and then targeted price reductions as well as a modest impact from a shift in store mix.

As I mentioned, we had a very challenging July and August, particularly in the shrink area, which put downward pressure on our merchandise margin for the quarter. We were, however, pleased with September's bounce-back performance, which showed shrink improvement of approximately 70 basis points over the summer months. Shrink management remains a key focus area for us and an opportunity, clearly, as we move forward.

Our gross margin was also adversely affected by approximately 50 basis points of higher occupancy cost due to increased rent at some of our existing locations and higher occupancy cost as a percentage of sales at our new locations as they ramp up to a higher level of sales over time.

Also, as many of you know, White Rose, which has been one of our largest suppliers, entered into bankruptcy on September 9 in a bankruptcy court recently approved C&S Wholesale Grocers' bid to purchase Associated Wholesalers and its subsidiaries, which include White Rose. We continue to remain in close dialogue with a number of potential suppliers but have not yet entered into a new contract. As a result of the White Rose bankruptcy, we accelerated the recognition of a vendor discount that we had previously deferred. This added $1.2 million to our gross profit in the quarter.

On the expense side, store expenses in the quarter excluding depreciation and amortization were 21.9% of sales, an increase of 10 basis points over the prior year. The increase in the store expense rate is primarily due to the 3 new stores which were opened during or subsequent to the second quarter of last year. However, for stores opened for both periods, store expenses excluding depreciation and amortization were 21.1% of sales in the second quarter, which was a decrease of 40 basis points over the same period in the prior year. The lower expenses at existing stores are primarily attributable to an increase in labor productivity and enhanced cost discipline.

During the second quarter, our sales per employee hour, the metric we use to measure labor productivity, was up nearly 10%. We continue to believe that there are a number of areas within the store where we can streamline and improve our operating performance.

Next, our Central Services expense increased $1.4 million or approximately 50 basis points year-over-year. As many of you know, this expense category can fluctuate quarter to quarter, but we continue to believe that we can manage Central Services to be a lower percentage of sales over time.

Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $6.7 million, a decrease of $3.9 million from the $10.6 million that we had in last year's second quarter. Our guidance for adjusted EBITDA in this quarter was $8 million to $8.5 million. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA was primarily attributable to the lower gross margins I just discussed, an increase in Central Services and lower contribution from the Red Hook store.

Moving on to a couple of other items. Store opening costs for the second quarter were $2.7 million compared to $3.9 million in the second quarter of last year, and the production center startup costs were $1.7 million compared to $1.3 million in the prior year. Approximately $1.3 million of the store opening and production center startup costs were noncash due to deferred rent.

Interest expense for the quarter was $4.8 million, a slight decrease of about $200,000, and approximately $1.3 million of our interest expense during the quarter is noncash.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $49 million of liquidity, comprised of approximately $37 million of cash and $12 million of revolver availability. Due to seasonality, the second quarter is typically the largest cash drain during the year as a result of lower-volume summer months. In addition, we incurred capital spending for both our new store in Lake Grove and the production center.

Total CapEx for the quarter was $10.6 million, inclusive of $3.8 million in connection with Lake Grove and $5 million in connection with the new production facility.

It's important to note we're also carefully managing the company's cash position and liquidity and had almost $50 million of liquidity at the end of the second quarter. As noted in the 10-Q that we filed this afternoon, we were in compliance with all of our financial covenants. It's important for all of you to know that we have the opportunity to cure any possible covenant default if they were to occur in the future.

I'd also like to make a few additional announcements. We touched on them previously. First, we're suspending our guidance on a go-forward basis, including any previous guidance we have provided. As Nico said at the outset, we're actively reviewing all operational activities in the company, and we believe that a halting guidance is the appropriate action for us at this point. We will update you from time to time as we move forward.

Secondly, as Jack noted, we will be hosting a meet-and-greet reception at our Broadway store for members of the financial community that would like to meet Jack, Dorothy and the rest of the team. And I would encourage any of you that are interested in joining us to please contact Nico if you would like to attend. My guess is we will do this over the next several weeks.