As we continue to be in this period that is thankfully coming to an end where the independent committee is evaluating my offer, obviously our team, our employees have continued to focus on the business, as evidenced by the executing [ph] of revenue of consensus estimates which were not [inaudible] given the continued headwinds, as all of you know, we derive a majority of our revenue from overseas.

We are reporting revenue also while maintaining a nice increase in our partnership revenue, does not include the innovation [ph] revenue from our [inaudible] of our three largest brand partners where we continue to believe it's more appropriate to recognize our revenue closer to the events that they support.

I'll be glad to answer questions about my offer and the process, but suffice it to say that I remain 100% committed to providing this offer, which is not subject to financing, and I'm getting very close with the committee who is asked to follow the following procedure. They have to complete the acquisition agreement and all its material terms before focusing on a response to the price. I intend that that conversation will actually take place this week, and absent any significant disconnect, should be reported [inaudible] by early next week, which will be exciting for me, our employees and for you our shareholders.

And then to the specifics, I'm going to ask Rich Rosenstein, our CFO, to go through the specific numbers.

Rich Rosenstein

Thank you, Bob. I will now review our financial results for the first quarter.

This morning's release includes the GAAP financials to our [inaudible] here. As an acquisitive and growing company, we believe adjusted pro forma comparisons, as if we'd owned all of the businesses that now comprise our platform for both periods, and adjusting for one-time or extraordinary items is the best measure of our progress.

On a pro forma basis, revenues for the quarter were $52.2 million, up 15% over the $45.5 million in pro forma revenues in the first quarter of 2014. And on a constant currency basis, our pro forma revenues grew 26% in the quarter. As you know, we generate revenue in Europe, South America and Australia, and as we indicated last quarter when we discussed our 2015 outlook, the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar affects our reported results, largely owing to the FX translation.

Pro forma EBITDA came in at a loss of $10.6 million versus the loss of $8.2 million a year ago. Note that the first quarter is a seasonally slow period for SFX's live business and the successful launch of the Beatport streaming service and mobile platform didn't come until late in the quarter. As a result, we had the impact of overhead in the quarter with a lower level of operating contribution to support it.

I would also note that our revenue in the quarter came in slightly higher than consensus estimates of just below $50 million in revenue, while EBITDA was about $2 million short of the consensus EBITDA estimate for the quarter, mostly due to the timing of planned overhead savings and a shift in the modest amount of sponsorship revenue to later quarters.

Our pro forma EBITDA result reflects a few adjustments, largely around one-time items such as transaction and litigation costs. There's also an adjustment to remove the impact of duplicate audit fees in the period as we recently switched accounting firms. As you know, SFX has been an acquisitive company and our professional service fees have been quite high for the past two years. While we enjoyed a great relationship with our prior audit firm, there were compelling cost savings available to us with the change.

With the platform now largely established and with considerably less acquisition activity, we've also identified other areas for cost reductions, largely in corporate and platform overheads. Thus far, the identified savings total in excess of $5 million on an annualized basis, and we'll see the impact of that in the coming quarters.

In the quarter we held a total of 12 festivals. Of these, seven were owned and five were licensed. Five of the owned festivals were held both last year in the first quarter and again this year. Attendance at these same festivals was up 1% and revenue was up 1% on a constant currency basis. And we're planning to hold nearly 100 festivals this year, with the bulk of licensing activity, beginning late in the second and into the third quarters. As festivals and events scheduled today [ph] have an estimated attendance capacity of 6 million fans, it represents significant growth compared to 2014.

In our platform segment, as Bob mentioned and Greg will discuss further, we launched our Beatport streaming service during the quarter, and towards the end of the quarter we launched our mobile service. T-Mobile is the first charter partner of our streaming service and we expect them to be joined by others in the U.S. and around the world.

As we launch our consumer service, there was a decline in download revenue. While not inconsistent with broader trends around the download market overall, we believe the launch of the consumer business also had an impact on downloads, and after some fine-tuning of the two, have seen the beginnings of a rebound in download activities.

In terms of marketing partnerships, we recognized $13.6 million of marketing partner and sponsorship revenue during the quarter, spread across our live and platform businesses. Over the remainder of 2015, we expect marketing partner contribution to ramp, both with festival activity and related activations, and as Beatport continues to grow throughout the year. This expectation is based solely on the agreements announced to date. We continue to expand our existing relationships and add new ones as well.

In terms of outlook, as Greg will discuss in a moment, the Rock in Rio show in Las Vegas began last weekend and ticket sales were below expectations, although we're quite pleased with the introduction of the brand in the U.S. and the promise it holds for growth over the next few years. While we have a minority stake in the show and will reflect our proportionate share of the startup losses in the quarter. Relative to our earlier expectations, this impact is expected to approximate $4 million to $5 million in EBITDA to us, which reduces the range of our full year guidance to $55 million to $65 million in EBITDA from $60 million to $70 million previously.

We also announced the full year revenue is approximating $500 million, while the initial guidance contemplated a figure in excess of $500 million. This is mostly a reflection of the mix of shows we control while we recognize gross revenue, and those we don't will be recognize in net result. There is no impact of EBITDA related to this mix.

From a balance sheet and liquidity standpoint, we ended the quarter was $46 million in cash. Cash from operations roughly approximated our EBITDA loss in the quarter, and we had our interest payment during the quarter as well. From a seasonality standpoint, the beginning of the year tends to be the low point of cash, so we drew approximately $6 million on our revolver in the first quarter. We expect cash contribution from operations as EBITDA ramps in the third and fourth quarters.

With that, I'll turn it over to Greg for a review of the operations. Greg?

Greg Consiglio

Thanks, Rich. And I'm pleased to have the opportunity to update everyone on our progress on several fronts during the quarter.

2015 marks the turning point for the business. As Rich mentioned, we're moving beyond our initial consolidation and roll-up phase, but we pooled together the leading businesses in our space around the world. Our teams are working hard to implement new structures and strategies to create the most value for our brands and operationalize a global electronic culture platform that operates 365 days per year.

In addition to managing our core live events business, we spent the quarter focusing across the organization on developing operational efficiencies, filling gaps in the organization where needed to achieve our goals, and eliminating redundant activities, making sure that all of our subsidiary businesses globally have access to the resources that come with being part of a global group of companies.

We've had a busy quarter in all facets of our business. We look at the business principally across Live, Beatport and brand sponsors, and I'd like to touch on each.

Starting with Live. During the quarter we produced and promoted a total of 251 festivals and events, which attracted over 751,000 total attendees, including 12 festivals that each had a capacity of over 10,000. Significantly, we announced a series of new shows from across our portfolio which will debut in 2015, and each of which will play a role in our overall strategy. These include the world's largest paint party Life & Color announcing its first ever global tour, visiting 100 cities and 60 countries, including Brazil, Turkey, Argentina and Indonesia.

Ten days ago, Tomorrowland debuted in Brazil and welcomed over 180,000 attendees for a weekend with some of the most renowned electronic music artists. Brazil marks the third market in the expansion of the Tomorrowland brand, and based on what we already knew about the market for EMC in Brazil, along with the turnout and enthusiasm surrounding the festival, we believe this can be an excellent growth market for several areas of our business moving forward.

Also this month, the first edition of Electric Zoo Tokyo Beach took place during Japan's Golden Week holiday, with over 15,000 attendees. This is a great event and marks our initial entry into the Japanese festival market, and another market we believe has strong potential to unlock value across our entire platform.

Rock in Rio debuted, as Rich mentioned, in U.S. for the first time in Las Vegas this past weekend. A second weekend in Las Vegas is playing for May 15 and 16, and the flagship Rock in Rio Brazil is scheduled for September. On May 30th, all the events in the Netherlands will bring 10 top Dutch DJs to the first-ever edition of The Flying Dutch, an outdoor festival simultaneously occurring at three locations. All three venues are sold out, with expected attendance of up to 100,000 fans.

In September, ID&T will break fresh grounds with One Tribe, a new camping festival in the United States. The festival will take place in Southern California, at the Lake Perris State Recreation Area.

Mysteryland Netherlands, the world's longest-running electronic music and arts festival expands the weekend festival with camping available for the first time. Mysteryland USA returns in Memorial Day to Bethel Woods, New York with more than double the camping capacity following the successful inaugural event in 2014.

And finally, Monumental, the company behind the iconic techno brand Awakenings, will bring the Awakenings brand to New York, L.A. and Sao Paulo to be part of EZOO, One Tribe and Tomorrowland.

In addition the calculated experience of our live event brands and franchises, we are hard at developing our ticketing business to streamline operations and to become a broader e-commerce platform. We expect to be able to share more information about these plans in subsequent quarters, but we are very excited about the various ways we can monetize the ticket buying experience beyond the ticket purchase for fans attending our festivals and those of our ticketing clients as well.

Turning to Beatport. The quarter marked several new developments in the evolution of the Beatport brand. We launched the Beatport streaming service on Web and mobile apps, we began the expansion of the Beatport content offerings, and launched our live event streaming product for DJs and festivals called Beatport Live, where any DJ can broadcast themselves 24/7 365 days a year.

Under the Beatport brand we are now operating a multi-faceted platform that sells music at Beatport Pro, streams music at Beatport.com and mobile apps, and includes video and editorial content offerings of Beatport Live and The Buzz, our EMC focused news property.

We're continuing to add content to the streaming service weekly, along with new functionality. You'll see a number of innovations to the streaming service as the year progresses, and we look forward to updating you throughout the year. Also, we are now working on international rollout plans for localized versions of Beatport streaming, Beatport Live and Beatport news in key local markets where we have local operations in place.

As the foundation of SFX broader digital strategy, Beatport is emerging as the focal point for all EMC brands, serving as a powerful tool for promotion, integration and connectivity with EMC fans, artists and labels. We're only just beginning to bring the value of this platform to market, and brands are taking notice. As Rich mentioned, Beatport and T-Mobile announced details in February of their charter partnership in connection with the Beatport streaming service, a collaboration that provides for exclusive benefits for T-Mobile subscribers such as data for usage of the Beatport service, curated playlists selected by T-Mobile, and advanced ticket access to SFX event offerings.

Our third major focus is in brand partnerships and sales. We're very focused on driving new non-ticketing revenue from brands through strategic partnerships, event and Beatport sponsorships, and media sales, while evolving the Beatport brand from what has been known as a store for electronic music to a global EMC media platform that includes e-commerce, streaming music, live video streaming, and on-demand video, all focused on capturing the explosive growth of electronic music culture globally 365 days a year.

We began the quarter significantly upgrading our non-ticketing revenue operations and capabilities through a strategic partnership with [inaudible]. That transaction provided SFX with a national infrastructure of sellers, revenue operations and account management that would have taken us months to put in place. We did so as we were preparing to launch the new Beatport during the quarter, both streaming and The Buzz site, so we felt the timing was right to invest in this infrastructure.

The team is now very active in the market with brand partners and agencies, selling sponsorship activations for a lot of event [ph] brands and digital engagements through Beatport, including our newly created digital content offerings. Just last week we participated in [inaudible] in New York where we introduced our digital content offerings to the brand community. We'll be talking more about these initiatives in Q2.

Internally, the team had provided us with much needed infrastructure cost sales, account management and operations that will allow us to better monetize our assets, while giving us broader coverage in the market.

In addition to T-Mobile, as previously reported in 2014, SFX entered to foundational relationships with prominent brands including Anheuser-Busch InBev, Corona, Skol, MasterCard, iHeartMedia, viagogo and MTV. We've had great success in highlighting the new value we can bring to prominent world-class brands and existing partners. As a result, we are in the process of expanding scope of certain strategic sponsorship agreements previously announced, and are working on several new relationships as well.

I'd emphasize again the recurring element of the business plan we are executing. EMC fans, many of whom are millennials, connect with our content at live events, but that is just one step on how fans continue to stay connected with the culture. Many will visit our sites and access content and video for weeks or months, leading up to a live event. They attend an event and many even access ours or our partner sites while at our events. And they will continue to visit our sites and view our movies and other uniquely created content for months following that event.

Millions of people will stream our event live on the web. And for the millions who never attend an event, they now have a destination to experience and engage in the culture every day of the year. We believe there is significant untapped opportunity in this ongoing engagement with our fans for SFX and our partners. Having established a vertically integrated end-to-end platform for EMC trance, we also brought greater cohesion to the organization across the board, making certain that every company, every individual knows the breadth of our capabilities and our specific corporate goals and objectives.

There is tremendous economic potential in our model that we are just now beginning to achieve as a result of the scale of our platform which is backed by professional management and best practices, and an ongoing effort throughout 2015 to streamline our operations for efficiency. Our operational progress, brand marketing relationships, new events and relaunched Beatport represent the future of SFX. That said, they represent the foundational work and expense but not the revenue and financial benefit to be had from everything we've invested in and have established.

We're looking forward to 2015 and beyond and to continue to provide updates along the way as believe our financial results will more accurately reflect the true EBITDA power of our platform.

With that, I'd like to hand it back off to Bob for further remarks.

Bob Sillerman

Let's just go right into questions, Greg.

Greg Consiglio

Okay. Open up the questions please.

Bob Sillerman

Operator?

Question-and-Answer Session

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question comes from the line of Ben Mogil from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open. Please go ahead.

Ben Mogil – Stifel Nicolaus

Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Just have two of them.

In terms of the guidance that you'd given, are you still assuming that you're at par or are you using sort of more current exchange rates?

And then secondly, in terms of Rock in Rio, are you sort of beginning to think that some of these transplanted events that played very well abroad, but when you moved in here it takes a little bit more marketing support than originally thought? Thank you very much.

Rich Rosenstein

On the first question about exchange rates, we're assuming current exchange rates.

Bob Sillerman

And on the second [inaudible] into the U.S. and did not meet expectations. Both of them [inaudible] non-U.S. properties and I think both of them will tell you they did not rely on us sufficiently. So I think that first of all reason is that there are many other examples like Q-Dance, Mysteryland, et cetera, where attendance was well-handled and achieved because it was marketing by the U.S. team.

That helpful, Ben?

Operator

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shields Day from Regiment Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.

Shields Day - Regiment Capital

Hey guys. Just a question, you mentioned that you changed the accounting firms. I know in the past your previous accounting firm forced you to expense a lot of items that otherwise you could capitalize. I guess my question is, going forward, is that still going to be the case? And I guess along those same lines, I wonder if you could just comment on how many expenses in the most recent quarter would you say were -- might otherwise had been capitalized, so we can get a sense for what EBITDA might have been exclusive of the one-time investments you made?

Rich Rosenstein

Thanks, Shields. We've had no issues at all with our accounting firm in the past. We've never felt forced to do anything. Everything we booked is in our numbers and we've expensed things that should be expensed, and where appropriate we've capitalized items, and to revenue recognition as appropriate, we've never had an issue with our accounting firm.

And our change had absolutely nothing to do with that, and we'd expect no change in the policy going forward, and this is purely driven by cost. And as you can see in our disclosures, we've spent an enormous amount of money on professional service fees, around acquisition activity, around audits, valuation work, et cetera. So this is purely driven by cost, absolutely nothing to do with the accounting policy or treatment.

Bob Sillerman

I think what you may be referring to was a differing of opinion in the beginning about revenue recognition related to marketing partners. And that's not an accounting policy at all. We have rejected [ph] this approach and we'll see in subsequent quarters that recognition, which started that, based from the $13 million plus in the first quarter, will catch up in subsequent quarters.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Shields Day from Regiment Capital. Please go ahead.

Shields Day - Regiment Capital

Thanks guys. One other one. I noticed in the quarter that same-store attendance at some of the festivals you've had last year and this year was about just over 1%, in the past it had been a little bit higher. Can you just comment on why that might have been lower than maybe what we've seen in previous quarters?

Greg Consiglio

Just that, Shields, we think it's a seasonally slower period, and so we're getting to about 100 festivals this year, and I think there are only five that were [inaudible] last year in the first quarter and this year in the first quarter.

Bob Sillerman

These are not what I would describe in any way as major festivals. The only major festival in the quarter -- or actually I think it might have been in April that we had [inaudible] but actually, a not insignificant increase. But you'll see the comparison in the second and third quarter will be substantially higher. As Greg mentioned, many of the events are already sold out.

Do we have any other questions?

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Bob Sillerman

Great. I'm assuming that there are no further questions. So let me just wrap up by saying that, whereas I support my offer myself, that there have been a fair amount of inbound calls [ph] seeking to participate with me. And this [inaudible] process will not in any rate delay the execution of that agreement, assuming the Special Committee agree on price, which I'm quite optimistic we will. And I don't know -- I just [inaudible] our plan to do a call when the agreement is signed. But we will certainly notify people and I and the Company will be available to discuss that.

I have agreed, as you know, to [inaudible] as well as to let current shareholders participate with me on whatever the final price turns out to be. So both I and the Company will certainly be available to discuss that. Being candid or not -- yeah. And I'm reminded that, if an offer does come in at a price that I'm not willing to pay, I will not object to that. I will support that.

With that, I thank you and this very well may be -- not, definitely -- but it may be our last conference call. So if it is, appreciate your support. And as Yogi Berra [inaudible] said, "It ain't over 'til it's over." Thanks everyone.